[['What steps are you taking to help fight climate change?', "The fact that I'm only just now discovering this 7 years later just before the beginning of 2023 really puts into perspective how this message has stayed accurate for so long.\nThere's plenty of improvement to be made but just raising awarenesswill always be the first step.", "The fact that this is even more relatable 8 years later... It's heartbreaking", "I don't know why YouTube recommended this to me in 2023 but I know that this man is spitting the truth ", "8 years later. This message is incredibly accurate, its sad to see what's happening in this generation. Something needs to change.", '7 years later and I see a man in a business suit in the middle of the desert spitting facts. Respect.', 'I found this in 2023 I watched the whole thing and cried. This man will be the inspiration for me and my future family. God bless everyone watching this. Let’s make the world a better place', '7 years later and this video still holds up really well :(', "hey man, I was 15 when you made this and I'm 24 now. this popped up in my recommendations tonight and it really resonated with me. It still holds up years later. I hope we can save the planet in time. I want future generations to know what trees are and what a polar bear looks like.", 'Crazy how youtube recommend this now. He speaks facts wish there were more people like him.', 'The fact that this is still accurate and no one is doing anything about it or at least teaming up just makes me loose faith.', 'Props to this guy. He could of chose to do nothing but he wanted to save his home, our home. Massive respect.', 'The fact that he says sorry for all of those who committed these acts including cutting thousands of trees for money, while he probably is one of the less polluter of his generation is heartbreaking ', "It's been 7 years, yet this message is still accurate!  The world is indeed falling apart!", '8 years later and this is still so relatable and heartbreaking. 8 years since that video came out and nothing changed. it’s so sad that this video is that well aged. however, a masterpiece of work and it made me think, that we actually could change something', "YouTube recommended this video to me in 2023,respect to this man in a business suit in the middle of the dessert,because he's speaking the truth.", "I'm glad that there are people who feel the same way as i do, and speak the truth", 'This is insanely accurate. The fact that he mentions small countries like Bangladesh suffering from climate change means alot. I usually see people ignoring my country because of how small and unknown it is to some people. I hope we will bring change to this world', 'hundreds of languages and this man woke up and decided to speak facts', 'Instead of saying: \r\n“We need more people like him”\r\nSay:\r\n“I am going to be like him”', 'I memorized this years ago, and now YouTube recommended it to me again. Still love listening to this.', 'Words can’t even describe how beautiful that was. Thank you.', 'As someone watching in 2023, we are honestly very lucky that the world isn’t like this just yet. I just hope this message will be able to reach to the generation to where this would happen, so the world will be able to see what a mess we made, and maybe they would realize what we did, what they did, what everyone did.', "''I'm sorry that our footprints became a sink hole and not a garden'' hits hard", 'This video still bangs 8 years after ', 'The only vid that is actually meant to be recommend years later', "Idk why this was recommended 8 years later but, it's accurate. I can definitely imagine a future like this", 'even 8 years later the message and editing is soo good', 'I remember watching this in Middle school history class. 5 years later i’m seeing it again. and it brings a tear to my eye. this world is changing way too soon and it’s not ready. please do whatever you can', 'This hits so hard, and he’s telling straight truth. This breaks my heart truly just to hear how true everything he’s saying is. We have to do better as humans. This makes me tear up ', 'man I remember being shown one of this guys videos in school as a kid, now I found this and im realising just how brilliant he is.', 'There’s two type of people:\n1- Saying sorry for the future generations \n2- Realize that we are the future generation', 'I remember watching this in school, funny how im watching it again now 8 years later. Things are just getting worse and people are worrying about pronous instead of pollution.', "We all thought of this video as a heartfelt message to all of us, but now it's time to take action. Thank you Prince.", '8 years later and still speaking facts', 'Muito agradecida por constar legendas em Português.\n\nDeus proteja aos nossos descendentes e, que eles tenham Amor para reconstruir o Planeta.', 'I’m watching this again after 6years and it’s still one of the best messages that has effected me mentally', 'It seems like everyone cares, but nobody does anything.', 'Got Goosebumps to see him spitting the truth of our future generations ', "This video gave me so much chills. It's a master piece, a message that everyone should hear.", "8 years later and I'm here to appreciate the accuracy of everything said in this video", 'watching this in 2023 makes this video deep. this video has a deep meaning and we should try to save our planet. this is only thing left so we gotta take care of it. I felt this', 'This is amazing. Not only the message but the emotion.', 'This is why I want to be an environmentalist, but it’s just so hard to have hope lately- thank you', 'I remember watching this years ago, in primary school. Now, years later, it hits just as hard as it did before.', 'Well Spoken My Man! Everything thats going on right now is crazy, but we can put an end to it, and i hope we will.', 'Just got recommended this, it’s great to see that many of the points he talked about like pollution, trees being cut down and the future requirement of needing to go to another planet to live have been covered by many great people like MrBeast, Elon Musk and many other people who really want to make a difference in the world today and in our future', 'This has been on my page for days and i finally clicked it. This man is elite hes spitting facts and is truly inspirational', '7 years later this just popped up and I gotta say this man was spitting bars like none other while in a business suit! Legend.', 'Everyone here must accept our situation. Rejecting it seems  futile, I mean seriously don’t let this defeat you. Don’t let your environment decipher wether you can get out of bed or not. The future does not exist, there is only now. The future only exists in thought. Don’t feel resentment for tomorrow, it is not in existence, therefore pay it no thought of mind.  \n\nBesides, regardless of what we do, In the end entropy will always play it’s course, maybe it’s tomorrow, maybe in 1,000 years, maybe a millennia. So why swim against the current? \n\nOur goal as a species should never be to last forever, since that mentality is what makes mortality so fragile. This causes us to be slaves to our environment and be scared of everything.\n\nSomething isn’t beautiful because it lasts, rather because it ever happened in the first place.', 'This is what everybody needs to here. Absolutely incredible.', 'I’m here 8 years later and it is 2023 and we’ve made some progress but not much. It’s like we are e e long backwards as many have said and it countinues to get worse, there have been people who have made significant changes but not enough. I hope this video reaches all kinds of people and blooms into a tree of inspiration ', 'The production quality is amazing! 8 years later the editing is still similar to now! crazy.', 'This is a timeless video. 8 years later and it’s still an impeccable call to action.', 'We’re all getting recommended this for a reason. YouTube knows what they’re doing', 'just discovered this just now, i’m touched, this lines up so nicely and explains the world thank you.\n\nThis actually adds why the world is so fucked in 2023, lgbtq, the poorness the stupid people, the other things that happened for the past 4 years lines up perfect.\n\nI wish everyone was so kind one another i wish everyone cared for everyone give to people win needed, i’m 16 years old right now and i live in poverty myself because how the world started in my eyes, i wish we took more care of our world our people our animals, we only have 1 planet and 1 planet to live on, my eyes have been opened to this for the last 4 years, me seeing the wars hurts me me seeing the schools being shot up in the USA i wish we all can just… be kind to each other help each other, its not to late to change its not to late to fix the economy the government the military the people the way people learn, please to any future kids in like 60 years who see this from now please do something about our wrong doings. ', 'LETS ALL KEEP MAKING THE CHANGES NEEDED TO REBUILD WHAT WAS LOST TO US AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE!!!!\n\n(You know this means something when a 17 year old says this!!!!)', "i was 8 and didn't know about much when he posted this, now I'm 16 and know how important this is to the earth and how much power there is behind words and how you put them. thank you for the wonderful speech and try at redirection humanity. you're greatly appreciated!", "I remember I redid my whole presentation that was based on global issues to write about deforestation. My original plan was to write about poverty but when this pop up in my recommendation a week before my project was due, I knew this was the one I wanted to make a difference in. The video inspires me so much, I showed this vid as a part of my presentation to my class and they seemed truly touched by your words:)) (I'm now wanting to make a change for this!)", 'This man deserves 100% credit. He understands mothernature', 'Just found this a few days into 2023- this is super heartfelt, I have no words. Thanks for having this posted. I was nearly brought to tears.', "I am so glad that this was recommended to me. I've always been aware of what's going on around us but never really took the time to let it sink in of how doomed we are unless we actively do something to fix it. Growing up, I was taught to respect the Earth but never was taught HOW. As kids, we're told to pick up trash and to go out on Earth Day and clean up but nobody ever does that anymore. It's always that one day but not everyday, because people turn a blind eye because now, it's normal to see trash everywhere. It's honestly sad the world we are in", "Watching this in 2023 I'm so proud of this man for saying all this He is spitting truth LET'S DO SOMETHING TO CHANGE THE CLIMATE!!", 'This cane to me in 2023 and im glad that there were people like him who truly put up a fight for our world.', "I remember watching this 4-5 years ago.\nIt's still accurate.\nThe mask thing is a bit funny since everyone was forced to wear them because of COVID, so now more people understand how they are to wear.", "I just found this and I'm sobbing. I'm 18 and no (older) adult or  elder has ever apologised for me having been raised with fear for my future in terms of the environment. It gutted me hearing the words sorry not knowing I would care should a stranger say them in this context.", 'What a coincidence. This is being recommended when the world is falling apart.', '“An error does not become a mistake until you refuse to correct it” that hits hard man', 'Bro I got recommended this like 7 years ago, and Now I’m like 16 and When I listen to it again… I actually understood the meanings, Very touching ', '(2023)I only found this video 8 years after the release. You are the only ones that actually think in the future, great work dude', 'Wow, this hits so hard. And how even did this pop up my recomandations just now. It\'s a vid from 2015. Thats gotta mean something. Together we can save this planet. As this wise man said: "An error does not become a mistake until you recuse to correct it". But the confidence this man had, to appologise for all humans is such amazing to watch, I love it! Save the earth now it still is possible!', '8 years later and this message still holds up is truly saddening.', 'Coming back to this is near 2023, I’m thankful that we still have time to fix what we caused.', '8 years later and this rare speech recommended to me. He spitted nothing but facts. Respect.', 'A breath of fresh air when one man says sorry ', 'This is why Team Trees, Team seas, and etc are so great :)\n\nI hope we don’t have a day where most trees are nonexistent! Though most of us can only do things like support or donate but it’s still something', 'This just popped up in my recommendation and this was the most sincere apology that I have ever heard in my life', 'I remember watching this when this first came out on my Wii U, How time flies. This message stands true even now, We gotta do better', 'It’s funny how this was made 4 years ago yet this could apply to us today.', 'I saw this video the first time today on my birthday, and this dude is spitting out fact after fact in supersonic speed, everyone needs to see this video so people know we need to save the environment.', 'This man preaches truth. He is an amazing human being. I hope this message gets to everyone in the newer generation. Our species has destroyed the world, and yet no one cares. But this man, this singular human being has brought so much to attention in one little video. I hope everyone has an amazing day.', 'This man speaks the truth I am on board with him 100% and now we all must say sorry to future generations for this crap to **STILL BE GOING ON**', 'Every single year, at some point i am recommended this video and i salute this man for still keeping this charity up', "We'll really need to be aware about whatever you said\nI really glad to see the video on environment problem and solutions \nWhatever you said is truth \nI truly appreciate it\nAs you said We all New generation human beings should do something to save our investment from destroying \nThank you so much for awaring us and to whole around the world", 'let’s be the generation that saves the earth. not the generation that destroys it.', 'This makes me want to think deeper about becoming an environmental scientist.', 'wow. Such a heart felt message especially to hear now in 2023. Its so true how people make money for destroying what we have.', "Writing this now as a teenager of this generation. He is telling the truth, more than ever- and despite the literal BEGS of young people wanting to have a planet for their own children to someday grow up in the older generations keep taking exactly that away from us. It is our future that is still to come, not theirs. And we will have to sit out their mistakes and live an unfulfilling life, watching as the earth burns. It's sickening.", 'The fact he is the only one that apologies for most people mistakes he is a gifted human being', 'im bengali and hearing that you finally mentioned abt my people in bangladesh i couldnt help but tear up mann', 'Got this video 8 YEARS later and after watching it its sad how accurate this is. I hope we all as humans can do better because like the guy said if we wont work together we will be extinct.', 'Watching this in 2023 is crazy. I truly feel bad for this generation and I wish we could change for the better.', "I was rewatching this because it showed up in my recommended and I can't believe it. I was 13 when I first watched this. About 5 1/2 years ago, and now I'm a college student now studying about environmental management. This video along with other things caught my attention as I was growing up and influenced my career decision. I hope to make a change in cleaning up our mess and managing our natural resource better. This is the step I took to fight and reduce the GHG being released into our atmosphere along with the other contributors hurting our planet.\n\n If you're reading this, learn what you can do to reduce your carbon footprint. There are so many resources out there online. If you see trash on the streets, beaches, or anywhere. Pick it up. wash your hands after, but pick it up.", "i really love this video, we need to take care of our own home and environment! even youtube puts it on my recommendation! let's spread this and make a better change for the planet earth!!!", "Even now in 2023, some people still don't care. We haven't done much, and now our only world is dying. Faster than we predicted. \n\nI'm sorry.", 'This hit too much, this hits different, this hits you with something called The Truth.', '8 years later and he is still spitting facts.\nWe are not doing enough to stop climate change the people need to stop pollution. \nWe are not doing enough to help climate change.\nThe world really needs better people helping it.\n ', 'But the real question is: \nHow many people watched this video and then made changes to prevent this future?', 'Shocking how everything he said is accurate even though if it was 8 years ago, this speech really hit hard.', 'I watch this speech over and over again, and it still hurts', 'Its so sad watching this as a teenager and thinking about what kids my age do. They smoke, litter and most of them just does it to be "cool". Even if you were to speak up in a class full of kids or teenagers, one half would say they understand and go and do the same mistakes over and over, and the other half wouldnt even care, only like 2 people would actually care about whats being said. Its saddening', "keep doing what your doing because even if you don't believe it you are making a change so you are inspiring us to change the planet thank you.", 'This is recommended me by you tube  \n\nHe is making a video not only for future people but also for us that we understand what we are doing   ', "2015 Google: let's save this until it we need it \n2019 Google:  SEND IT OUT SEND IT OUT", 'this. the earth is in a crisis. we really need to do more about this. this compels me to act. thank you for this. you’re so right.', 'I remember being shown this in 2016 on my first day of year 7. 7 years have now passed and damn everything he said in this was true and spot on its mad how this came up on my recommended 7 years after I first saw it!', "Watching this in 2023 really hurts man the world is getting worse and worse watching this 8 yrs later and I don't know how our generation is going to fix this at all and how we should all help", 'The one thing that hit that hardest was when he said: "whatever your fighting for ..., it won\'t matter because if we don\'t all work together to save the environment, we will be equally extinct."', '8 years later I get recommended this video, this shows how much people back then knew they did many wrong decisions but kept on doing them', 'So many people want him as President, how about instead of wanting people like him. Be like him', 'He meant it for us and all the future generations to come', 'Wow….. this is powerful. Thank you. This needs to be spread', 'Very good message given to the ruthless humans.  Applaudable clip ', 'Damn the "doesnt matter what u fighting for we\'ll all be equally excinct" hit crazy hard especially in 2023', "It's 8 years ago, but I'm watching this now and what he's saying is absolutely true", 'I am 16 year old from India and I have planted 700 trees(which I grew on my own from seeds and stem cuttings) in 5 months in 2022, and i will plant a 1000 trees every next coming year... ', 'this made me feel sad, inspired and and happy at the same time.', 'As someone from future generation, I accept your apology and I forgive you', 'This video really changed my perspective and made me wanna do more, it’s sad to see the beautiful nature of Earth slowly vanish until there’s nothing left, it’s time we all as a society fight climate change instead of eachother. We can do better.', "i actually saw this video a couple years ago and now that it's 2023 youtube recommended it to me again - it's just sad to see that all of this didn't get better.", 'Impressionante como o assunto desse vídeo tá muito longe de estar ultrapassado', '7 years later and we need people to hear this now more than ever.', '8 years ago, This video has so many meaningful lessons, I hope things start to change and actually goes well starting from now on as well as in the future....', 'This man could make anyone stand up.', 'I keep watching this over and over,and every time I feel like crying  Climate change is unacceptable, and lots of selflessness has to be put into saving the planet.', 'Crazy how I seen this video in grade 4 and I’ve graduated now. Crazy the memories this video brings back.', 'I am sorry future generations, our greed destroyed a wonderful future.', 'he made this 4 years ago...and it’s just sad that this still applies', "This message still holds true today. There are so many options, so many alternatives to using fossil fuels and other limited resources as a fuel source that don't kill our planet. I want to think that we have hope for the future, but with all the false promises governments and politicians make about changing these processes for the future of our generation, it's hard.", 'This is one of the most beautiful, moving and relevant things I’ve ever heard.', 'I want to be part of this masterpiece. Dear future, I hope that yall are laughing because this didnt happen. And dear present, let the future laugh', 'I agree with him, and we need to put this out there for more people to see, we need everyone to understand. Life would be better with no power, no money, just happiness. We don’t need government telling us what to do, or armies fighting over land, we need to forget about the pass, forgive all each other, start over.', 'This was dope and the truth. Salute brother !', 'I am grateful for this showing up on my YouTube recommended page, even 8 years after. This message still stands even today, and certainly for the coming years. Thank you, Prince EA, for spreading this powerful word.', "It's beautiful that even now, 8 years later, this video stays relevant and continues to come back.\nIt goes to show that we can come together and make the world a better place if we truly try.\nWe as human beings need to stop saying and start doing, together we can rid the world of it's horrors \n\nSpread the word. :D", "I remember seeing this the week it came out, it's crazy how ahead this video was for its time", 'DONT GIVE UP EVERYONE! WE CAN CHANGE THINGS!', "the most beautiful message i've ever heard", 'Sometimes I feel grateful that i was born so I don’t have to see a time where the world goes to complete ruin', 'This man made a rap 6 minutes long to describe all we’ve been doing for the past century.', 'i get recommended this every year around this time and always rewatch the video to get this idea into my head and to also scroll in the comments to see what other people are doing. Thanks so much for this video, truly inspirational.', '8 years later and this is still facts ', '8 years ago. wow. This is still accurate. The world will recover once the population gets it in their head to change.', 'Every true sentence is giving goosebumps', 'We can do this guys. Together.', 'Can you imagine your children growing up asking you to tell them stories\nAbout tigers? Pandas? About what they looked like? About what they are?', 'I’m seeing this 8 years later and this message is more important than ever', 'Wow. This really hits home. But sadly, many of the previous generation\'s "sorry\'s" don\'t feel sincere like his.', 'in the middle of the actual year now, still we must listen to him', 'Most sincere YouTube apology on the internet (I hope since my generation which is gen z and the next and next will be more considerate with our climate and it seems that that is happening as tiktok and social media become more aware of what is happening around us because we also grow older )', '7 years later and this is still a very important message', 'We need to blow this video up guys…. We need more people to see this… Maybe this will help us make a well needed change!!!!', "It's  so sad that our world hasn't  changed everything  he just said is still happening  8 years later,our world is breaking  bit by bit.", '"We are not apart from nature, we are a part of nature"\r\nー Prince EA', 'It’s been 8 years, 2023 now. But we need some more awareness of these things. Please.', '"Im sorry we used nature as a credit card with no spending limit" made the hair on my body stand straight up, and sent chills down my spine', "he's damn right about everything, so emotional", "I hope people in 2030 sees every videos of this guy because he's spitting facts..", '“The thing about truth is it can be denied, not avoided.” Gave me chills. This pretty much sums up our world in one sentence.', 'idk why I got recommended this in 2023 but this man is spitting facts it’s really concerning how accurate it was', "this is amazing, in 2023 it's still true. so true and it's so sad your right and u can't be less right. that's amazing everyone needs to watch this, we take earth and ruin it people search for other plants but the chances of finding anything close are slim so stop trashing the plant it's everyone everything anything u ever loved, hated, wanted, gotten, and saw it's our plant and we need to respect it", '7 years later. And this video is all so true. Praying for our future. We gotta try and do our best to protect and care for this Earth we live and breathe on.♡', 'Im a teenager and probably don’t even know close to how bad the climate is, but I hope it will change before it is too late', 'I love this. \nEveryone needs to see this.', "I'm glad that I found this on time on 2023... This has more meaning than it actually says..", 'Thank god I live in an alternate reality where this man was heard and changes were actually made', 'This man is talking true words', "8 years. It took me 8 years to hear the most sincere and honest apology i've ever heard in my life. Yet he still managed to make it into an activist speech. Never lose that spirit. Godspeed you legend.", 'this here...\nthis here made my nearly emotionless ass shed a tear...\ngood job.', 'it’s scary to think that people can watch this in thirty plus years and will feel responsible ', "Last time I watched this video I was in 5th grade and I was interested in it and now that I'm a sophomore now I understand this video more and the change in our world, earth deserves better than this!!!", 'This is the most beautiful poem I have ever heard.', "Hey, I have big trouble focusing my attention lately, I can't seem to find anything that interest me enough to give it more than 30 seconds of my time. But this video, I don't know why it caught my breath and stung me. Thanks you for this art its amazing man", 'I was 13 when this came out. Now I’m 20. This is such a powerful message I began tearing up', 'As a young person in 2023, this hits hard', 'The sad part is that all of this is still true. This was a really touching speech.', 'He is gonna make sense even after 50 years', '8 years ago , I wish it  came to my recommended page sooner. I really hope that this comes to many other people and that it inspired them as much as It inspired me.', 'We the people are the foundation. We need to preserve the earth as best as we can for future generations. Animals are going extinct and we are a part of nature. Saving animals means saving us. Preserving and saving the earth means saving us and future generations. The fact that I am finding this in 2023 brings me to the word, Wow.', "YouTube should've recommended this earlier.", 'Amazing work. I loved this.', 'I had once seen a tree, with no leaves and possibly a fragile life near just an electricity pole. The pole caused the roots of the tree to not grow any leaves, which was very heartbreaking. The next few months I went back to the tree. And I saw that the tree was cut down. What remains was the stump and that one single electricity pole.', "I'm crying. I've been scared of the future now mostly for how most problems are about the LGBT community or something. but the real problem is what this man is saying I feel bad for being this kind of generation", 'almost a decade later and almost everything that he said i still true and getting worse day by day year by year i feel like humans as a whole need to cooperate to fix this problem', 'It’s so crazy because one day someone will see this video and it will describe the world exactly', 'People dont understand that the movie Lorax and Wall-e were trying to tell us something, even Toy Story 4. It’s crazy they all have happy endings, we need one too.', "I've never see this before. I was just singing a song called Sorry The LORD gave me. Then this popped up on my phone and I seen it said SORRY. All I can say is WOW GOD WOW. GOD bless you man of GOD in JESUS for all your great work.️", 'Im watching this in 2023. What was said was absolutely beautiful.', 'he is making me shake based off of how powerful this is!', "It's fine mate.... We're also sorry for not advising y'all to stop doing what you said... We are also sorry for our cringe generation...  We'll take full responsibility of all this and we'll try our best to save our planet.", 'This has just popped up in my recommended and this man is spitting facts to be honest.The world still has trees but it is just going to shit.(2023)', 'Dear future generations ...\nIN 2019 We are  more sorry than  4 years ago...', 'these are the most well spoken words by Prince Ea', "Our mother earth provided us everything but we left her with nothing and it's extremely sad. I'm genuinely scared for our future,it's actually our responsibility to protect our nature like it's protecting us.", 'This was recommended to me today. And I think the apology should be also from us, to our elders, for caring for us and for the future, for the reverse progress we are making', 'This makes me feel like time travel exists', 'this hits SO different now. teachers would show us this in elementary and middle school. im going into my senior year of high school. crazy', 'I remember first seeing this back in 2019 and made me so emotional. This is such a good video ', 'The fact that this is still accurate and no one is doing anything about it or at least teaming up just makes me loose faith.', "I don't know why YouTube recommended this to me in 2023 but I know that this man is spitting the truth ", 'There’s two type of people:\n1- Saying sorry for the future generations \n2- Realize that we are the future generation', 'How long do u think this song will prevail? I hope it goes on forever', 'This was literally recommended to me today, no other day, no other previous year, right on 2023. He spoke facts, Sorry.', 'this video shows how bad the world is ever since humans came on here, man I wish we could change the world as much as possible and get a bunch of people to help the world.', 'I want to do something I want everyone around me to do but they are so busy with their "important business"  they don\'t listen all they care about is their career or their money. None of my friends listened to me when I was warning them. They still don\'t care. Our planet, animals and nature are disappearing and we still do nothing. We don\'t deserve this beautiful planet. If we don\'t do something, our lives will be miserable. And we\'ll regret it so much...', 'His voice is so passionate and powerful. Any pessimist would feel inspired.', "man, i watched this years ago, and seeing this in 2023 makes me think that we are trying to do better but not hard enough, how we thought that it would be worse but also that it would be better...... You can't predict the future but you can change it..", 'I wish for everyone to watch this. \nLet us change.  May this be inspiration to others as it is for myself. \nI hope for our generation to be able to come up with a way to change and make better, what the past has wronged. \n\nWe have one earth and so many don’t care. There is no alternative earth. \nWe have one. \n\nLet us protect it', "It's heartbreaking for me (at 12 years old) to see where the world is going, money is the main trap, we are doing all of this for yes, a piece of green paper. I know we can change this. There is no need for it.", 'This video has inspired me to live a better life I am very young but I still feel sorry and I think everyone should support this cause', 'So sad to see the downfall of our world. Just because of greed and the want of money. Our society is messed up. We need to make a change; just the littlest of things, just the littlest.', 'Damn YouTube’s algorithm is scarily accurate\n\n\n\n\nEdit (3 months later): yes, I know the title changes every year but it doesnt make the algorithm inaccurate. Switching the title doesn’t make the algorithm inaccurate. In fact, it makes it more accurate because the algorithm is recommending the video to us during the beginning of 2023, as the title says. And, no, I am not talking about previous years just purely 2023.', 'Each year that goes by the more realistic this video gets ', 'Watching this currently during the hottest week ever recorded, this hit hard.', '8 years later (7/25/23) and this video still brings ppl the attention. we need to try harder.', 'Hearing it today hits really different ', 'first time ive seen this video, and it has me absolutely sobbing. its so accurate.', 'This hit hard, and this was uploaded 7 years ago, more people really do need to see this.', 'I remember watching this video in class years ago and liking it a lot, nice to know I still like it a lot.', 'This was amazing. Everyone needs to watch it,', 'we can still change things. We have very much time. This man is spitting facts though.', 'This is so motivating, i think i can solve it only with pure confidence', "We  had listening 2021.. when  i was doing  grade 11 ...and we were listening to this..and i can't for get it....i love it.. mr Prince I'm very thankful..stay  blessed...", 'As someone who’s 15 about to turn 16, I can say that the current world scares me—in fact to flat out say it: my generation scares me. My teacher asked the class if we thought the world was becoming better or worse and we anonymously said worse. When he asked what about it made us say it, we actually struggled to come up with a good answer. We have this notion that the world is on a downward drive, but we don’t know the cause of that drive, and likewise we don’t know how to fix it—but this video says it perfectly. The world calls destruction—progress, bullying—popularity, greed—success, and so many others. To fix it, we have to stop making excuses, stop sugarcoating all the issues, ignoring all the signs, and we have to take steps to changing directions. I wish that were easy but it ain’t and that scares me. anyway I doubt many or anyone will read this overly long message but if you do have a good day and keep fighting for a upward drive instead', "Since a child, am into nature and natural stuff. Even though am into computers a lot and yeah am wasting electricity just for my knowledge and entertainment.\nI personally planted many trees and real plants on my desk and room and in my garden. I don't know if anyone can live there life without any green natural things. \nThis video was really inspiring and reminded me when I was a kid...\nThanks", "'We'll be equally extinct' that hits hard ", 'So inspiring ', '32 million, if we all put our voice out we can hopefully make the future better', 'bro this shit was so accurate, it hits different, we needa step up and make life good again.', '"A wise man once said, When rivers are dried up & trees are destroyed, people can\'t eat their money"\n\nBest quote i ever heard today', 'its fine. The younger generation will be able to lean all this up like we always do', '"we will be equally extinct" gave me goosebumps', 'Even in 2 million years this video will still be accurate', 'This was made 8yrs ago… and it speaks so much about today', "Seeing this on 8/13/2023\nMost stuff said in this video we still have but were slowly running out of, Climate change also isn't helping much. People now days are really waste full of what we have, and they don't even realize that in a couple of decades we might not have a lot of things that we do have now. I'm glad to see that back 8 years ago, someone like you Prince was trying your best to make others aware of what is happening with are planet.", '"An error does not become a mistake, until you refuse to fix it"\n\nPrince Ea April 20th 2015', '8 years on, and people still have to be convinced that this is real and its happening. A sad time tbh.', 'Always a classic ️', '8years, the time that he planned this for (2023) we can still change it! If EVERYONE works together than we can let this planet be thriving and healthy! We need to at least try!', 'A video has never made me THIS terrified. I can feel his concern from the other side of the screen.', 'It’s been 8 years and more people still need to see this', '“An error does not become a mistake until you refuse to correct it” - Prince Ea', 'This was amazing. My teacher showed this to us at school.', "Now I want to start helping the environment when I grow up. Luckily my home country sweden is 70% covered by the normal natural forest. I hope we can reserve it for future generations. It's beautiful and yet so many people choose to destroy it. I hope that the future generations can get to see pandas and all the exotic animals of the rainforest. Not just from a cage but thriving by themself in the wild. It breaks my heart to know this will probably happen. Future generations won't know what trees look like what it feels like to bathe in the ocean. Maybe just maybe. If we don't do nothing earth will look like it does in wall-e and it is a future that I can see happen but is very sad. So we need to start doing something about the world.", 'this gave me goosebumps', 'how has it already been 8 years... I wish we can go back to the old days', '"The hardest choices require the strongest wills" -Thanos', 'Spread this and globalise it. MAKE IT HAPPEN... Now is the time', 'Know that I’m watching this in 2023, it makes me feel so sad. The world was supposed to be a place to live and explore, to enjoy and love! But now, it’s just a place we’re people destroying the climate without care for the world. Now this isn’t everyone, but I’m just saying the earth was ruined by humanity. But truly enough, you shared an amazing point and a sincere apology so thank you. ', "This couldn't be any more relatable than it is now...", 'Six minutes of pure facts ', "“Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,\nNothing is going to get better. It's not.”\n― Dr. Seuss, The Lorax", 'It makes me sad how true everything he says is. Till this day earth is falling apart and now it’s getting so warm outside in some areas, that it’s even hard for us to enjoy a walk without sweating or feeling weak and dizzy.', "fuckin' youtube algorithm...\nam i watching this video after 4 years?\ni think its best video i watched", 'Dang, bros spitting straight facts ', 'Finally saw this video at 2023, this man is speaking the truth.', 'He spitting factual bars', "It's enough to make a grown man cry.", 'This man is saying the truth', 'It sucks that this is still relevant because nothing has significantly changed', 'I remember seeing this in class back in 2016-2017… Time flies ', 'This is one thing that really scares me. That one day the world might be to hot to live in, or that there won’t be enough water, or that there won’t be enough food or trees. And when you think about how lucky  we got with earth being perfectly in the habitable zone of our solar system. It makes it even more scary.', 'Things are so fucked up nowadays and I feel sorry for younger generations because of it', "For me. Speaking as a person from 2023.This just proves that it's still not too late.", '8 years and still nothing has changed', 'Can’t believe it took 4 years for YouTube to recommend this.  Cmon YouTube what u doing', 'It’s time to STAND UP TOGETHER!!!!!!', "I'm somehow happy and pleasently surprised that the planet still survived but I'm still sad and angry that we take it for granted", "the algorithm is crazy because im getting recommended this in 2023, he is speaking nothing but truth.\nmy teacher in 6th grade showed us this, i was newly 12 and i'm almost 19 now. i grew up on an indigenous reservation and love my culture so this hits extra hard.\nwe are no longer in globe warming, we are now in the state of global boiling and generation z (zoomers) are the ones who get blamed as if they aren't under like 27 while the first discussion on the topic of climate change was done in the 1820's (although the topic wasn't heard of much until the beginning of the1900's, *if im correct*)", 'the most ironic part is that most of us in 2023 are simply making it worse, they shouldnt even have apologised.', 'i’m sorry to the kids of our kids', 'I remember our teacher showed this video to us in class many years ago, and I just decided to come back, and damn...', 'Goosebumps, You did it', 'I really felt this speech.', "This is honestly really depressing, because even though he got the date a little wrong, this future he painted in this video will be very real one day. Possibly 100 years. Maybe just 50. But no matter the point in history, this will all be the case one day. People need to stop worrying about all this little stuff. Who's winning tonight's football game. When is the next I-phone gonna be released. None of this matters, because at some point, if we don't exist anymore, it really won't matter our accessories or our political beliefs. One thing that will be the case is that we'll be regretting not listening to people like this guy while we still had time. Though many days, it seems like most people are too blind to see what's really going on. I'm glad there's still aware people out there who actually care about the bigger picture. ", 'Damn I remember watching this video in the seventh grade my English teacher showed us this video and watching it as a senior he’s been right but only if everyone just took the time to listen', 'Thats it im going to let my trees grown and im going to plant more.\nI almost cried watching this video.', 'Seeing this in 2023, and this message is very much accurate, even after 7 years, the world is indeed falling apart, and it is still falling apart.', 'its really sad that theres pretty much nothing we can do to help stop climate change. we can try our best to help, but we cant convince the big companies to fix this', "Technically the concept of it being our responsibility comes from advertising by corporations who don't want the blame.\nYes, we still have some responsibility, but we can't solve this just by sorting our trash, not littering, etc.\nThe large companies need to take responsibility and fix their mess.", "im honestly scared we're gonna have to make another one soon for the next generation, and the next, and the next", 'well this has been 8 years this is just so accurate we should all stand for trees', 'As someone from this “future generation”… I can say, we are sorry too, I may be 13, but I can still tell that this is getting out of hand, Africa, is turning into a desert, by 2080 or even before, I say that Africa, may either be drowned because of climate change, or deserted because of it, Greenland, might soon match its name and, Iceland, still won’t , but, we are trying, and that’s what matters, it’s not much, but, it will help out a ton in the long run…', '"Because WE had the nerve to call this DESCRUCTION.... Progress"\n\nBro that line HIT me', "You should make a rap song with this lyrics, i think it would reach out to so many with it's important message", "It's almost 2024 now, It's only getting worse. This speech is only getting truer as the years go on. I know everyone really feels this speech, and hopefully we can get a new solution and fix all of this ", 'You are such an inspirational person', 'Now its been 8 years and still so accurate', 'Thank you youtube for enlightening me.\nYou proved my parents wrong.', 'Why did it take 4yrs for YouTube to recommend this to me???', 'This was posted when I was 5 years old. I’m 12 now and I just found this in 2023, there used to be a native animal called a numbat around where i live but people drove it to extinct and now I will never be able to see a numbat in my town for the rest of my life because they are nearly extinct.', "I hope we can save the earth. I want the future generations to see what a polar bear looks like, and what it's like to breathe fresh air from nature.", '8 years later this message is true.', 'You know, watching this was really interesting to see a man’s opinions of their future and our present lol', 'Its been 8 years, and this is too accurate. this is just so sad.', 'watching this in may 2019, scientists say that the earth will be damaged in 11 years. \nI’m sorry future generations', 'It’s terrifying how accurate this is', 'Cried In the speech, best I have heard in years on youtube. You are the best', '"I\'m sorry that we payed so much attention to ISIS and not enough to how fast the ICE is MELTING" even after 8 years this is still the greatest bar i have ever heard.', 'Much Love and Respect to @PrinceEa\n#WeCan change Our Choices to Help Our Mother Earth Heal...', 'I am here in 2023 and this hit me with how much of this deforestation has happened already. We have billions and trillions of notes right now for the cost of nature', '"Truth can be denied but not avoided." So true.', 'from 2023, this is amazing to see you fight for this', 'Thanks for making a video on behalf of every generation', 'Its sad that now, 8 years later we still made close to no progress in saving our planet', 'coming back after learning climate change isnt real makes things way different, I used to think this was an actual good message\nwhat we aren\'t focusing on is the collapsing society filled with businesses and elitism, and the higher ups and governments telling us we\'re "overpopulating" or "everyone\'s gonna die in a few years because whatever the hell we\'re doing is somehow causing the world to warm up"\nthis is a distraction to deter us from what the real problem is, trees literally EAT carbon dioxide', 'It’s disappointing to see this video in the year it was meant for and realize… nothing’s really changed….', 'After 4 years, now it’s in my recommendation. This is beautiful yet so sad', 'Heart warming <3', '2023, still hits the hard', 'its finally 2023, and this message has never been more accurate.', 'Watching this in 2023 is sad. This is becoming more and more true', 'Still can’t believe this was released almost 10 years ago… and no change', 'Damn…how accurate this is truly scares me… we need to get off our asses and fix this mess we got in already', 'in 2023… I really am sorry. I’m we never appreciated our mother more than we did. She is beautiful and we have taken her for granted', 'I’m speak less… that.. that really hit me. I cried doing this whole video.. listening to you. Help the earth. Please.  ', 'This is such a nice message', 'Bro, this is  a masterpiece.', 'When he said “equality won’t matter in the least when we’re all equally extinct” really put into perspective how depressing this situation but also how dire it is for us to start putting in the work and save our planet', 'its 2023 and still one of the greatest videos on youtube', "Found this in July 2023, Just hoping that we still have time to fix climate change.\n\nEven though world temperatures are getting higher each year and wildfires are getting worse, and pollution also getting worse, it seems like no one cares about it. They just ignore the problems like it will not get worse.\nIf people take action before it's too late, we might be able to save earth.\n\nI don't waste food, I try not to waste water.\nI want a better planet for future generations, indeed. \n\n\nI do not know or care if people see this comment, I'm putting it here so I'll look back at it in the future.", 'watching in 2023 like it was meant to be seen, thankfully earth hasn’t come to a completely gone amazon rainforest but at this rate, there’s no reason it wouldn’t.. i’m sorry, see you in 8 more years.', "This touched me in ways my uncle hasn't", 'Glad I watched this we realized our errors.', 'It feels like it came out in 2019 rather than 2015', "2:40\nCan confirm, it was really hard for the people living in coastal regions. Things aren't any better tho, if not worse", '8 years now, and we survived COVID in 2020, only 5 years after this video was made.', 'damn, he spoke facts to the future..', 'Sad thing is\nMost people arent going to do much even after watching this', "I've watched this video so many times over a few years. It was just recommended to me again and I cried.\n\nEdit: thanks for all the likes peoples", "It's terrifying how accurate you are...", "It's me the 4th time in 4 years watching it again and again by YouTube recommendation.\nAnd I feel it more and more", 'This video was a slap right onto my face\nIt was the same for "you" I guess\nBut just liking this video and commenting in it won\'t do anything\nEven if atleast 10% of the people viewing this video had taken an initiative to plant atleast one tree in their neighborhood it would go a long way\nSo guys if possible plant a  tree \nI am doing it tmrw btw\nThis is a small message that I could spread being a part NSS( national social services)\nHope we leave a breedable place for our future generations ', 'the way he literally raps it>>>>> good message', 'Im Only 5 seconds into the Video, But i already know he gon spit some Facts', 'This is beautiful. I clicked this because it was in my recommended and it was worth it. We need to make changes!', "Sad we're going to lose the earth that we all love if we don't do anything... :(", "Yes, individual responsibility is so so important but also there's no way we can fix it unless the government is involved in regulating big corporations. If you care about this issue please participate in your country's democratic system and vote for those who will legislate climate policies, if you feel strongly enough, write to local politicians to tell them how you feel about the crisis and what's happening to our planet, and if you have influence over people, speak out and advocate for regulation that makes sure companies have to adhere to environmentally safe business practices.", 'I hate how the extinction of humans won’t be from anything natural, it will be from ourselves. Why can’t we just live in a society where power dosnt matter? Why can’t we live in a society where everyone is equal?', 'Hey! The thing we can do is Forgive them and work together to bring it back! Remember : Maybe sometimes, you have to hit rock bottom before you can build back up again. Together, we can make a change.', 'damn dude, thanks for stepping up. im gonna try my best', 'scary that this video is 8years old and there is still nothing we did against it. its really getting worse every year', '2023 now , still hits different', 'This man is speaking facts', 'genuinely sorry for future generations', 'I found this Video again in my recomends after a long time and I even searched for it before, when I just watched it, it made me cry a little', 'this guy knows what he is saying', '“An error is not a mistake until someone has refused to correct it.”', 'I hope to see it again and don’t have to cry', 'This is what we need for our home.', 'Thought this vid was recent till it showed 8 years ago, we are living in the future. Really need to start doing something for a greater change.', 'I was literally crying after seeing this ', 'We don’t search this masterpiece but it make us watch', "8 years later, this just popped up on my page. Bro is spitting bars.\n\nProtect this man at all cost's.", 'me watching this in 2023 now just makes me wanna tear up', "One thing to note here....using timber as an alternative to plastic, metal or concrete is usually a better environmental solution. HOWEVER, it's important this timber is sourced from designated plantation farms...where's trees are grown, store carbon and then made to be cut down.\n\nSo there's no excuses to be cutting down rainforests in Africa for bank notes.", 'Why is this better than modern videos', "Trust me when I say we all wish we were back in 2015. There are people who call them selves and identify as animals or other genders. And if we miss gender some one they we got harrased locked up canceled, everything. There was a slight downfall, but in 2023, it's a damn cliff.", "Finally, a rapper that doesn't that doesn't mumble!", 'Cannot believe that it has taken 4 years for this to get onto the recommended. Things need to start changing before it’s too late', 'Such a motivating speach', 'After listening to you, I was very touched', 'this is how hard life really is', 'Dude predicted the entire future especially the pollution masks ', 'It is 2023 and I hear what he’s saying and I don’t blame people in the past because people in 2023 are still doing the same', 'If only everyone could see this, people think that it’ll be fine but sadly that’s not the case.', 'To whoever is viewing this in 2023, this video was in your recommended for a reason. I hope when the new generations (Z, A) get bigger and strong enough, we can show them what they deny because of shame and fools.', 'YouTube recommended this to me and I’m so happy that this came up. This hit hard', 'i don`t know why this was recommended for me on youtube but it makes me sad that this is still the truth in 2023', "We got this recommended because its not a choice we have to change. This is our world. We have to take care of it. Our generation has to take hold the responsibility and change the world dramatically. The world leaders are not going to be here forever so we NEED to change. Everyone cares but doesn't do anything.", 'It’s been 8 years and this is all right the world sucks rn!', 'the lorax and wall-e were trying to tell us something weren’t they', 'this made me realise how fricked the world is, if we dont stop destroying the world, we wont stop destroying ourselves, our home, our future.', 'This was a very nice thing for YouTube to put in my recommend at least some what forcefully because you don’t just get recommended videos from 8 years ago normally. Also to all those reading this and about to type their own “this guys right we DO need to fix this planet and something dose need to change” don’t write that comment. If you yourself aren’t going to do jack SHIT about the situation and no picking up one or two cans off the side of a side walk does not count, I’m talking about you donating money, supporting groups who do clean it up or being a part of that group. Don’t say it needs to be changed if your not gonna help it change yourself', "You don't miss something until it is gone ", "I don't ever want to see a future where kids don't know what a tree is, how colorful flowers are, and how there was various floras and faunas co-existing with and against another. I don't want to see a future like that, no matter what...", 'How is this so true 8 freaking years later ', '"We will be equally extinct" that line hits hard.', 'Unluckily, some humans just lusts for power and money. I know it is kinda weird, but I have learned a lot by playing persona5 and opened my eyes for the actuality of those actions in the game. You could say that it to some degree is a critique on modern society.', 'I literally broke down crying today because I heard my local coral reefs I live near which were already at 2% coverage rate. The coral reefs now have a 100% mortality rates, im only 18. Why me?', 'Good things may happen, bad things may happen, but no matter what, we can all hold on dearly to the fact that the title of this video is gonna say "(2024)" the second the clock strikes midnight on January 1st', 'Its been 8 years, and yet nobody changes a thing...', 'god dame even tho this shit 8 years old it still hits deep', 'Dont just watch it,  Do It !!!\n\nSave our EARTH ', 'i truly felt it when he started rapping about the topic', 'We’re now 2023 going back to this video, things have gone way worse. But we have realized the mistakes of humanity and are trying to fight back. And it’s kinda hard. But, we will keep going. You know? Even if the world is falling apart we will keep fighting so we can fix our mistakes. And us, humans are a hard species to eliminate. So we will continue trying. Until we evaporate. And if we don’t do that. We won’t survive much longer. So we WILL keep fighting against our mistakes.', 'How is this video 8 years away ??? \n\n\nBtw beautiful and amazing and inspiring video', 'it’s not this guys fault it’s ALL of ours', 'One thing to those in the future: Were sorry.', "I love how he's so formal but at the same time it looks like he is rapping", "Now that's a man with his priorities straight.", 'I just had goosebumps ', "Youtube has recommended this to me now, I was thinking it was current until I saw the date of the video. It really is something shocking. I don't want to imagine what the world will be like if we don't do something in the next 8 years and at the same time be surprised when this comment turns 8 years old.", 'This is still accurate till this day i just came back to it', 'watching this for the first time in 2023 hits hard...', 'The fact that this was in 2015 and everything is just worse is really sad.', 'This video is beautiful. It made me cry.', "The fact that we don't see what this video talking about today in 2023 ,prove that they succeed in sensitising the world 8 years ago, thanks brothers ( I'm still learning English  )", 'I am 15 and already know that I will help clean this earth️', 'This message being here makes me so happy', 'this took me on an emotional roller coaster...', 'I don’t even know what to say...\nActually I do...\nThis is so amazing and more people need to think about this...\nThanks...\nThanks for making this...\nI’ll vote for you when you go for president...', 'Wow the truth from over 8 yrs ago! Amen brother ! everything!', "As someone who was recommended this on July 21st, 2023; let's see what happens and what changes in the next couple of years.", 'Every family has that one person who will break the family financial struggles, i pray you become successful >>', 'This is very inspirational ', 'this beat goes hard ', 'Im only 15 and yet this is exactly what I needed for motivation in my life right now. I am realizing just how bad I have made things, and I have the power to fix it no matter what people say. I will fix my errors and become the person that my family and friends  need because  they are also going through some difficult times. Thank you.', 'I remember watching this back when I was in secondary school. Year 7. I’m now going into my 3rd year of college.', 'Speech gave me shivers. This man should be our next president.', 'Sounds like a poem or rap and its all true too..how sad I was 10 when he made this and im 18 now and its all unfortunately still the same if not worse.', 'This video is so great thank u for puting this out here', 'This is The Real Truth (after 8 years) Even after more, more, and more Years', 'This hit especially hard when we all got recommended in 2023 and see that really not much has changed', 'This guy writes better lyrics than Eminem', "The Seventh Generation principle—it's a reminder that we are not independent entities but links in a chain that stretches far into the past and will extend into the future. It begs the question, if our future generations could see us now, what would they think? Would they thank us for the clean air, lush forests, and abundant wildlife? Or would they look upon our photos with sorrow, knowing we traded their birthright for short-term gain?\n \nThere's something incredibly empowering about the idea that we, the people, are the root of change. Yes, we might be the architects of the damage, but we also hold the blueprint for its restoration. And as we work towards this cure, we must remember that we're a part of nature, not separate from it.", 'After 8y its recommended to me and its  so damn accurate!!!', 'This hit hard.', 'Stop saying sorry,"Do something" to cure and avoid this\n\nThis Hit hard bro', 'The only vid on YouTube that i watched fully without skipping any part', 'This hits hard man..', '“We do not inherit the earth from our parents, we borrow it from our children.”\n\n- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry', 'In 5th grade I picked up trash and always put it in a water bottle i found because they were everywhere and I threw it all away in the bathroom trash, and I’m so glad I did that because back then kids would hate 5e trash and if no one was gonna pick it up I would start, and started a thing in my school to pick up trash with these big tweezer things, and for 5e future generations it’s either gonna get a mess again or cleaned, so always do what’s right and this inspirational video was amazing', 'Someone hire this man to be a professional rapper for climate change or something.', 'this just got recommended to me and 8 years later it means even more', 'Viewing this just now. Made me put this video in my favorite', 'I remember watching this years ago and now it’s actually happening x', 'Man he new what was gonna be happening in the future  we all should make a change', 'Definitely the most beautiful video ever on youtube', 'RESPECT BRO !!!!', 'this really feels different to listen to now it is actually 2023, shit man', 'Its 2023... I like began to cry when I heard this . Like... the people 8 years before knew what will happen .. look at our world .', "I am the lorax\nI speak for the trees\nLitter again\nAnd I'll break your knees :)", 'It is so sad that iconic animals like the tiger and chameleon are soon to be extinct and will be forgotten', 'somehow is 2023 in this year and people, i mean, ALL people should need to listen to this.', 'It’s been 8 years, and this is unfortunately accurate..', 'I feel bad for everyone in gen A tbh.', 'Me: Watches "Earth" by Lil Dicky\n\nYoutube: Here, watch this too.\n\nI\'m weeping.', 'This is the only honest man on this planet', '"And that woodn\'t (cuts to a picture of wood) make me so sad if it weren\'t so many pictures of leaves on it"\n\nMan this is super creative', 'my heart hurts so bad rn', 'this is beautiful', 'this dude had the right idea before anyone else', "This video in a nutshell :\n\nDear Future Generation,\nI'm Sorry.\nLove, People of 2020", 'This man would honestly be proud of MrBeast', 'I watched this video and i was like “dam pretty accurate video” then i checked out when it was made and that just made me sad. Im 12 years old writing this right now and if the world was already fucked up when i was 4…\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThis inspired me', 'To future generation we screwed up badly really badly', 'Amen, brother you speak only the truth. 2023 is getting corrected we are the foundation, Amen..', 'Wow it’s crazy that this is so true 8 years later', "Seeing this 7 years after it's been posted and seeing that things in this world have just gotten worst honestly breaks me.\nMost people say that we need to change but in the end they never do anything to change and just leave it for the future generations knowing damn well that it'll be too late for the people of the future to change anything. \nEven though I'm not too old to realize how much things have changed, I can say that even in these 15 years that I have been alive, too much has happened and it's so sad to think about it.", 'Love this so much', 'Its 2023 now and its sad how real this is', 'i appreciate that apology bro', 'I just found this in my reccomendations and\nHoly \n\n...\n\n\nHes speaking the truth.\n\nEarth is the only home.', 'Don’t let this video age well', '"We have the nerve to call Destruction...Progress." -Prince Ea\n\n', 'the vfx in this are better than in most marvel movies', 'As someone who was on the edge of being Gen Z and Gen Alpha, I indeed have seen a tree.', '8 years still relevant', 'that "oh, you dont know what tree\'s are" really got me', 'youtube algorithm is doing its thing now.. i mean... all of us really need to hear this', 'people of planet earth LETS DO THIS LETS SAVE OUR HOME \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAFTER  623351772 people correcting my spelling is now better THANK YOU', 'dear past generations:\n\n "we\'re also sorry that we didn\'t listen to the signs. We\'re wearing masks now and things are getting out of hand. Forests are burning, oceans are rising, typhoons and hurricanes are getting much worse now. Hell even wildlifes are affected because of us. We\'re supposed to protect our home not destroy it but i guess its a little too late. I hope we all forgive ourselves, we need to fix this, i can\'t imagine a future like this.', "I can't believe this is 8 years old and makes so much sense rn", 'The only video that CAN BE recommended 8 years later', 'I almost cried watching this ', 'even 8 years later its so true', 'Honestly can’t disagree at all. He’s right... and I’m wrong.', "the fact that I saw this in my recommendations I'm crying rn", 'Man a lot of this is true and for some reason I just saw this after 8 years', 'This needs more attention', 'I thank you, and the beat was fire not going to lie', 'this is sad but you guessed everything right in this video before it happend', 'Well, 5 years later, the world is fricked up now', 'Got shown this video in school during a cover lesson last year, randomly found it today in my recommended', "The saddest part is the more people who protest the more people don't listen", 'And now I am sorry. I am sorry we have not stopped. I am sorry we have focused on money and not the world. Iam sorry we were all idiots and I say thank you to all the people that help. I am sorry we made it so bad you cant stop. I am sorry we made your air hard to breath.', 'There is still hope,and many good people', '"We could have done better"\n"You can do better now"', "This is from 4 years ago .... and I'm just finding it now..... IM CRYING!!", 'This speech can be a hit if it converted into a rap music.\n\nAny volunteers to do it ?', 'thank you for saying something and posting this video.', 'Hey 2100 generation stay happy...                I hope so.', 'Damn… I remember watching this in primary school. Life has turned to shit.', 'I’m only finding this video out 8 years later I wish this guy was president', 'I just realized were like a bully to the earth but the earth was like Our mother\n\nDamn thats deep', 'it all goes to the top, nothing any normal person can do about it sadly', 'watching this in 2023. honestly, nothing has changed much.', '8 years forward he was right the earth is dying we needed to save it earlier but we are to late now the earth is fucked', 'I donated my college fund because the future of people are more important than the future of one person.', 'Right mate. Its 2023 now.. Fuck, this is STILL the most true video ever.', 'Nobody is born cool,\nExcept those who care about tomorrow', "the fact that I saw this in my recommendations I'm crying rn", 'A masterpiece', 'We NEED to change this.', 'Beautiful', "It's okay Prince Ea I forgive you", '“I’m sorry that we used nature as a credit card with no spending limit.” ouch :(', 'This literally popped up on 2023-\nBut this would have more accuracy years later. But so far, a few things have come true like human rights', 'This is beautiful ;-;', 'Man,I wish is was as easy as that,that people would listen but we are blind by our greed....', 'Someone needs to make a song outta this fr', 'apology accepted', '2194: Let me guess, your home?\n2019: it was, and it was beautiful.', 'in 2015 the verses he made were colder than most of rapers in 2023', "this is proof the youtube algorithm knows what it's doing.", "he couldn't have said it better", 'Broo Ea I remember this video, it’s nice to see you again', 'going to say it like this, as much as i want to accept it i dont want to in the end, so sorry i wont accept your apology man..', '"Truth can be Denied But can\'t be avoided"\nAn Error is not a mistake, until you decide to correct it.', 'im glad all trees are not gone :) \nthis vid is so inspirational', 'He’s right about everything except the fact that before global warming destroys the world we’ might go into another ice age ', 'There is still hope for 2023', 'I remember seeing this video when I was younger ', 'these videos hit deep', '“Most of us today don’t think about tomorrow” \nThat is the most sad truth I’ve heard', 'It really hurts. The world is such a wonder. It’s terrible what humans have done to the world. It really is messed up. The world is a really beautiful place. Why want to destroy it? Value life. Don’t destroy it.', 'i remember this video. its so disappointing how accurate it is now.', 'Posted 8 years ago, Now its 2023.. And the world is actually falling apart.. ', 'This video was literally meant to be watched years later', 'Spitting facts right now', "He is so inspirational, I've seen a few of his videos and he doesn't fight for black rights, white rights, or gay rights etc he fights for the world and for humanity. Every time I watch one of his videos I just get goosebumps because it's so true and sometimes I hate to think that our world is coming to this and he is very much making a difference and he should be much much much more talked about and viewed because he has some very valid points and has something that every body should listen to.", "Investing resources and making good returns is not as easy as it seems, there are a lot of things that aren't well taught in schools. The market crisis gave me my first millions, when people stayed away from hard times I made the most of it..many credits goes to Sir Trevor James Beckerman", 'this is the best video ever fr 8 years later we aint doing nothing', 'He speaks of so many problems in this video yet there have been many more since then now if you were to list all it could take hours.', 'While the depiction of trees not existing isn’t accurate, the message is very powerful, and they very well might not exist in the future', 'i wish i could say that it changed and we know in 2023 that we need to change but we still didnt  realized it', 'Can’t believe this is 4 years old now...\n\n\nEdit: it’s hard to tell it’s four years old now because the earth is still the same, if not worse.. :(', 'this is inspiring', 'idk why but I love this landscape lmao (without the breaks in the floor)', 'Took 8 years for YouTube to realize and put it on recommendations', "I feel you, but I don't want the past generations to apologize. I want an apology from the people who are actually at fault here.\nI mean you can argue that, it's bad the past generations didn't do anything to prevent this future, but at least you weren't the ones actively giving the orders to ruin our planet.", 'This is the best thing ive come across on youtube.', 'This touched me, this guy is such a great speaker.', 'Wow. I love this video! Thank you. Thank you. Although im still iffy about how real climate change is. Earth changes. Yet not all changes are good.', 'Just listened to Viva La Vida and almost cried listening to this ', 'This video literally defines are society', "People tried to fix it and kinda succeed, for example: there was Team Trees, they got 24,446,764$ and planted a tree for each dollar, and that's just one charity event, we tried, but may have failed, but we will continue to try until we succeed!", 'I accept your apology', "I've watched this video so many times and I'm proud to say this is my favorite video on the internet!!", 'Well this aged like a fine glass of fine milk', 'Here when this is supposed to be seen. This is almost accurate and probably will be perfectly accurate in like 5 years at this rate', 'lol, i have a few things to say on this. First, it isn\'t the fact that we ain\'t doing nothing, Germany tried removing their CO2 emissions, but what did that do? It increased them. Secondly, I do like the fact that he speaks from himself, cause yeah, a lotta ppl that say we need to do something ain\'t doing nothing themselves. Alsoooo, the overall amount of "extreme weather" isn\'t even increasing. You may call the fires in Greece climate change but these kinds of extreme weather events happened rather often in the past too. The largest storm in the UK was in the 1500s for example. Oh, and ain\'t you pleased of that house you live in made out of wood? The table you use made of wood? Cutting trees is a big part of our infrastructure. We shouldn\'t stop cutting trees, but rather counteract it by also planting them. But yeah, you think this is a major issue in comparison to the poverty in Africa? The Poverty is much worse than the de-forestation there, so maybe try and sort out what matters first. LOL you guys exaggerate so hard, like we don\'t know trees? Nah mate, trees are all of \'em great things you say, but they also support our many other uses. We cut them to support ourselves, not for money. K bye', 'It’s kind of a motivating talk that we aren’t in as much as a bad state that he predicted but still it’s quite bad', 'Weird how he Thought in 8 years all of that would happen but half still did', '“Im sorry we used nature as a credit card with no spending limit” that line actually hit me', 'Yo this song is fire ', 'I feel that he is a rapper with his soft melody ', 'Now it’s 2023 now the world has gotten better', 'that beat  is crazy', 'This is the truth, heed this warning. For in due time when we understand, it will be too late.', 'Si te preguntas porque te recomiendan esto en 2019?\nCreo que Youtube se esta dando cuenta de el buen mensaje que da este gran hombre.', 'So sad to hear about this. ', 'Gkd truly gave this man a vision', 'I wonder how this guy is doing today', 'Spitting Facts !', 'How are we suppose to fix this planet? There’s too many people. Too many opinions and too many possibilities to comprehend. Everything nowadays seems to be a competition a strive for something it could be anything really. What are we even suppose to do here? It’s not like I asked to be born in such confusing and hard times. Yet here I am. Only 16 years old and yet I’m already expected to have ambitions and such. And I do. I just hoped the world was much more simpler. But I know that there’s only one way on how we live our lives today. And it’s only fighting our way up there. No alternatives. Unless you’re someone dumb enough to be happy and settle for less, standards nowadays are set too high. Even being the average is considered low. It’s not just the climate that’s getting worse. It’s society as a whole that’s internally getting more weirder and crazier. I pray to all of you those who “remain”. You know what I mean. Know yourselves. There’s still people out there who do care. Who are genuine. And smart enough to realize all of this. Just note that don’t let it crush you. It’s hard but we will learn to live with it. And the steps we can do to combat it.', 'It makes me feel physically sick that we aren’t doing anything about this\n\n\n\n\nEdit lol people getting mad at me like “oh are you doing anything?” Stuf probably more than you as you have no empathy', 'bro is spittin facts', 'Probably the best Rap God for valuable reasons', 'im soo sad so ima wipe my tears with tissue paper', 'He perfected the year we watch it', 'This is still stupidly relevant 8 years later....', 'This is basically: Dear present generation, WAKE UP', 'Fun but scary fact we are in an interglacial ice age. This is warm period of an ice age so an increase in temperature is normal. The part that is scary is the amount of pollution and CO2 being released is causing the planet to warm faster than it should. Which sadly puts us in the situation we are in to day.', 'im now seeing this in 2023 and he spits bars fr', 'Me literally watching this in 2023bro got us on right time but wrong generation', "This is sad, but it's true. Shits going down hill", 'discovered it 8 yrs later actually in 2023 and shit sums it up basically', 'This made me emotional, this guy is the BEST!', 'Definitely holds up, and this was definitely intentionally recommended in the year 2023.', 'This aged like fine wine', 'You are damn right', 'Beautiful', 'People say their gonna do something like “by 2030 we’re gonna have this and this and it’s gonna be amazing!” Then why don’t we just do it know what are you waiting for?', 'i remember first watching this at 12 and not fully understanding it. 5 years later at 17 i’m bawling my eyes out to this man ', 'Thank the lord that in heaven there will only be perfection', 'Back when they were called pollution masks not Covid mask ', 'It’s not that simple. We don’t think about ecology if we have bigger problems than that', 'The world is still perfectly fine', 'PRINCE!!! I am ready to take hands on action to save the planet!!!! When do we start! Let’s STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!! Enough is ENOUGH!!!!!!', "This is amazing. How you rhymed everything as well! It's just awesome, I'm lost for words...", 'Does, does he expect tree to be gone. What is this, Wall-E? I don’t blame him, for as much as I don’t wanna believe, he’s right though. People like him and Made2Express are characters we should idolize.', 'Even if you do not agree this one’s a banger anyways tho', 'When I grow up I will try to help the earth and I will do my best l promise ( I am 11 years old )', 'This has to be played in schools', 'Thanks bro i appreciate it', 'If he wants to be president I would vote for him. Save our future Sir', "The tree thing doesn't really make sense because for the tree industry to be profitable they need to replant trees, which they are doing at a rate of about 5 million trees per day.\nBut co2 emissions are kinda bad", 'With a little effort … he can rap good', 'Only reading the title made me cry.', 'The bro is gonna go to heaven', "don't have to say much but lets think about the situation the year that he's talkin about, and we believe even everybody now does believe that this is going to happen someday..\nmany people here will leave there comments of building motivation that we can save , we will do and they are motivating you to take a step forward one , twice and then thrice and so on..\neven after knowing that no one will do something for it, many will say to save our world but no one's gonna listen and no one even cares about it..and that is what he's saying in the video.\nthese comments are not gonna do anything only 1% of the people will make a progress or will think about it serioulsy, if this does not happens to this generation , then it does not mean that the one's after this generation are safe, its just that we're spoiling there future.\nhuhh.. sorry to say but the future generation( the time whenever it will happen) you're not safe and we all apologize for that.\nPLEASE FORGIVE US.", 'Watching this 7 years after the first time i watched it, in the year it was meant for is crazy. Nothing has changed and this message still applies', 'Thank you iven in 2023 this still make all cense meaning that we have a lot to do', 'First of all, love this, second of all, is this a song or a speech?', "I can't believe someone finally taked about my country Bangladesh. I never heard any one talk about Bangladesh .", 'yoooo, this song slaps it is fire af', 'Every persons should watch it atleast 1 time.', 'What’s scary is that he said something about the Amazon desert. Currently the Amazon is burning down.', 'He spittin bars', 'This is a rap song that actually means something. \n\n\n\n\n\n\ni do like rap songs though.', 'This vid make me relize my own mistakes in life', 'Why i cried though and had such a sincere breakdown though', 'The fact i saw this video when it came out and completely forgot about it and it now appears in my recommended in my home page in 2023', '"Truth can be denied, not avoided."~Why so true.', 'shi man this made some tears fall man', 'I know, this sounds crazy to many people at first, but going vegan is one of the best things you can do against deforestation! Animal agriculture is one of the main driver of deforestation in the Amazon & many other places.', 'Recommended this to me in 2023 and its to true and its heartbreaking', 'That was emotional ', 'I remember watching this in middle school :(', 'THIS IS POWERFUL!! yo...i really started crying.', 'just found this\nit feels accurate', 'I am proud to say i know what a tree is and what the amazon rainforest is', 'Bro is a legend', "It's really sad to think that our kids will probably only experience fake snow", 'Ur cool man ur amazing', 'this was left not for the future generations, this was left for us , the generation now', 'God Bless Everyone. ', "I'm watching this mid 2023 god damn. . . We lucky he got some things slightly off, were getting better, go nuclear, go green", 'Why is youtube putting this in my recommendations 8 years later I guess youtube is really tryin to make me think deep', "bro's spitting bars", 'Love your heart.', '"Forced to wear mask just to go to school" \nwell that didn\'t age too good', 'Sometimes, other than pandemics, we do need masks to go outside. The air quality was in the five hundreds this year in New York. You couldn’t even go outdoors there!', 'This is so impactful', 'Its amazing how this was recommended to me in 2023', 'Damn this hits this is a wake up call', 'why was i expecting will smith with a telescope', 'I remember watching this 7 years ago and thought it was just some kind of joke, but now I realise that these are serious issues that we have to fix.', 'The first step in my opinion to save the Earth is to stop littering! The second step is to STOP PUTTING STUFF IN THE OCEAN! And third start growing trees!', 'It\'s funny how many stories set in the future are depicted as a "utopia"', "it's okay man ", 'My favorite part of now being a far right Christian capitalist conspiracy theorist is shoving it in everyone’s face when I’m proven right about everything.', 'This is the only valid youtube apology video', 'The fact that this video came out 7 years ago and the world has gotten worse than it was then is honestly heartbreaking.', 'Bro spitting straight rymes', 'If this was a rap music, the vid would blow up like crazy', 'Thanks for mentioning bangladesh 🇧🇩 in your video. \nFor me I learned lot from your video', 'I don’t forgive you guys \nSince forgiveness doesn’t mean everyone forgives us\nIt doesn’t change the fact earth is continually being destroyed, trashed, etc.', 'loved this vid', 'I literally cried. This is so heart-warming thank you SO much Prince Ea for opening the eyes of the people who are blind to what is happening to our planet, our home. <3', 'I watched it in my ES class at school ', '2023 now and this video was literally the plot of the Lorax', 'How fitting especially today— what makes me mad is I saw this when it came out :(', 'Does anyone else feel like it’s a little weird that he made this 8 years ago for 2023 and it’s for future generations?', "Let's all change the world together", 'Guys, it’s 2023. This video was made 7 years ago. It’s now 2023. This man is amazing, his speech makes me want to forgive older generations.', 'Is it just me or is this a banger song?', 'Damn… no words.', '8 years later i found this video and i will admit climate change has got different and here tropical forest here also change because i live at there.(also you talking like a rapper but a good way)', 'Like how he’s protecting advocating and preventing Climate change by making a digital video \nFun Fact: For every tree cut down, there are 5 planted.', 'We need Revolution!! Against Money!!', "Please just run for president, i just saw this now like 3 years later, but this made me cry, this is the truth and nothing but the truth, and it's still being deneid, this is amazing and so pure", "I'm more scared at the fact that he's wearing a suit in that hot ass place, the ground is literally in a drought", 'This is so real ', 'I was wondering why Youtube was recommending me this 8 years later.... all I had to do was look outside', 'This is actually cool af', 'I’m going to make this generation and the far next to be in the best one can be born in I want everyone  no matter country to have the perfect life.', 'This came out 4 years ago its 2019 and now its slowly coming true', 'What a good lyrics', "it's not really the individual person that needs to change though.  every average person produces such a small amount compared to the corporations that pollute and it is actually propaganda made by oil companies back when pollution was being realised that moved the blame from them to the people so they could keep polluting far more than anyone else.", 'Youtube please do recommend this even after 100years please.', '0:55 - 1:16 is the biggest rap beat ever', 'There is no way that this can be reversed.. Good luck.', 'If youtube recommended this it means its not too late.\nEdit: bruh it is not too late', 'The mask fact was such a random thing he said and it actually happened', 'I remember watching this years ago', 'Who tf is disliking this video ?', 'There should be a law that anyone that cuts a tree down should plant another tree so we basically replant it. But since theres climate change and it gets super hot in some areas, the saplings should all grow somewhere around the equator. That way we have trees that can clean up pollution, carbon and create oxygen so we can breathe.\n\nhey, I just made this up "If you want to breathe, save the trees" literal threat lol', 'when school makes you do a lesson over this and found it just a few months later', "This is a real issue, we need to stop. I won't live past 22 if we carry on, as for many millions of others around the world. We won't get to be what we want to be. I want to grow up to be brave and smart and helpful. I don't want to miss out on the chance to do that.", "I'm pretty sure for every tree cut down, there's 5-10 planted (for US logging businesses, pretty sure)", 'as a 15 year old genuilly worried about climate change, i have signed 3 petitions already, thankyou', 'Oh god i am crying inside ', 'Un homme qui a vécu dans le futur... Je ne vois que cette solution logique', 'When the oceans turn to black\nWhen the animals are dead\nWhen the birds are gone\nIf not now, then when?\nWhen the blue sky turns into black\nWhen Gaia hangs by a thread\nWhen all the people die\nIf not now, then when?\n- king gizzard and the lizard wizard', "It's been 5 years since this video came out and yet here we are", 'The Lorax was spot on', "im sorry that ive yet to see what this man is talking about. . . I'm 15 and yes, logging, pollution, and climate change is real, yet it is not even close to how bad this dude is putting it out to be. the grass is still green, the trees are still growing, and air is still breathable.", 'It’s 2023 dont be sorry we are okay', 'damn.... It literally lighted up my head', "Coming from 2023, I'm sorry .", 'Past: It won’t happen again-\n\nFuture: But wait, there’s more', 'this is insane', 'Fun fact: If the amazon rainforest disappeared, the sahara desert would disappear.', 'I am not crying you are...', 'Well, saving the world might not solve the problem, and sometimes I think we shouldn\'t. We should use this Earth as a gift that has led us to new innovation—a home of what we were and became. So why not fly from the nest? Let our home heal while we embark on new journeys? Digging a hole and filling it up with dirt only brings you back to square one. It\'s not until we fill the hole with something more that we achieve better growth. Sure, spend your money on trees to put in the ground, replenishing what was once felled. But to what extent does our species\' need go to continue this insanity? Maybe what we have done is bad, maybe what we have done is good. We will never know until now. Perhaps our actions bear both good and ill consequences—a truth we are only now beginning to grasp. While I may not sway anyone\'s convictions, let this be a beginning. Yet, allow me to leave you with a haunting line that will forever echo our deeds: "To clean up a mess is to make a mess somewhere else" - Justin Neugebauer. \n\nA path might not be right or wrong, just different.', 'I see this video 8 years later.....  but this is now a really big deal', '“ Forced to wear mask to go to school” that hit hard in 2020', 'hearing the Amazon Desert sounds so surreal', 'Well… at least there are people standing, and because of those people the rainforest still has trees, the world swimmable oceans and ice caps not fully melted. But the number of trees being cut down vs saved is too great, and the pollution of the ocean is too vast for any clean up attempts. And the ice caps melting although attempts on cleaning up fossil fuels and cooling the earth. Though even if it may not be saved it may be slowed. That’s what I’m hoping for at the very least.', 'To think that most of us watched this video in primary school and look now', 'bros spitting bars', "ay it's alright man we forgive you", "Wait....\nWho is here in 2019 and saw that guy predicting what's gonna happen to the Amazon Rainforest?", "I'm a republican, and I have an electric vehicle that I charge using my electricity from my solar energy provider, Chariot. I care about the Earth, but that is not the reason I chose that car and that provider (although that is an upside). Rather, I chose them because the cost/mile of an EV is much lower than a gas car (due to much better MPGe). However, I can see why the initial price of an EV may deter people, which is why the next best choice is a hybrid (which is literally just a gas car, in terms of driving experience, with better MPG thanks to regenerative braking that charges the battery for the electric motor). Chariot is subsidized, which allows them to offer lower rates than other providers. \n\nMy point is, people will pick the most affordable option available to them, and the government needs to increase its subsidies and tax breaks in favor of renewable energy (to make it the cheaper option compared to fossil fuels). This is the best way to make the masses transition to greener energy. If we directly force (instead of incentivize) people to transition, that would make the prices go up since the demand would drastically increase without increased subsidies. Of course, less developed countries have a long way to go before EVs are practical (they need stronger power grids and EVs need to fall in price). However, developed countries like ours have the ability to make green options cheaper, and we should take advantage of that (we are, but not as much as we should be). \n\nChina should really be held accountable for its pollution, as I don't see nearly as many people complaining about China as they do the US. Both countries can do better, but China is worse.\n\nAll in all, I am indeed a republican that cares about the Earth (we aren't all exactly the same with 100% agreement), and there are plenty of us that do care, but the controversial republicans will always be louder than us.", 'I have nothing else to say "Woah."', "Wherever we purchase things by cash has to be prohibited . We need to force people use only credit cards, that's it.", 'Blud rhyming skills is insane', '“We can redirect it” if only we had listened', "I remember seeing this video as a child, can't believe it's in my recommendations again. Must mean our earth is going through a lot, beautiful message left behind for our generation.", 'Ah yea, I miss seeing trees. Oh what we’ve done to the trees.', '8 years ago his speech was left in the dust. Now it is fairly accurate to what this world have been and will be soon after.', 'i remebered this 3 years ago  when they played it in my school', 'Control burns are actually good for the trees and the environment.', 'Damn this actually got recommended in 2023', 'I remember seeing this 5 years ago thinking stuff like this would never happen. Boy have my opinions changed', 'Thanks for your speech  you are beautiful', 'i used to live in Beijing and i can approve we did use masks to go to school', 'Humans are the only creature on the Earth that can cut down a tree, then write save the trees', 'i going to cry with that video', "I'm living in 2023, bro believe me it's nothing like this...", "omg i didn't realise it was 7 years old, his words after i am not sorry still has me in goosebumps", "That's a good idea to tell people that The World Is FUCKED, cuz the just stop oil and other shit is just making it worse, but this, this is good asf", 'Amen Brother', "Even though it's been 7 years, this message hits hard, really hard and will hit hard for the upcoming decades! ", 'After 8years, Youtube recommends me this video..', 'Watching this a couple of years later in 2023 it different', "UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's Not\n-The Lorax", 'Thank you', 'We all forgive you,All of you', 'I showed this video to my teacher (middle school) and she decided to play this during class. It made me feel happy when people were actually listening very closely to this wonderful speech and I’m positive they took something from it.', 'Sorry, this is still a problem but most of it is the truth', 'The fact that not much have changed...', 'Our Generation: “You don’t know what trees are?”\nFuture Generations: (choking) “No?”\n(edit: why are you wearing a suit in the middle of no where', "as a gen z, i really didn't know what to say", ' Humans are is responsible for this', 'Bro this guy is a living legend.\nI hope this stays as history after 100 years or even very soon, not a relevant problem.', 'its 2024 in 4 months and it rly breaks maybe heart being this rn', 'Dude this video is awesome', '"you don\'t know much about trees, do you?"\n\nI honestly felt that', "my english teacher use this guy's video to preatice our listening, but acturally no one knows what did he say. LOL", 'Just think, if everyone were to plant even just 1 tree we would have 7b+ more trees on this earth.', 'This guy NEEDS to be president!!!', 'It is now 2023 i have realized what humans mean for earth', '8 years later and it’s getting worse', 'This is like a rap that seems to be calm', 'it really is some bull that politicians now are more worried about money than the wellness of the people', '8 years and 2023 yet we got one of the dumbest presidents in America when I grow up I wanna become an engineer fix all this or at least give my great grandchildren a chance', 'Es enserio youtube...\nme estas recomendando esto 4 AÑOS después ?\nes uno de los mejores vídeos que he visto :/', 'Only if YouTube recommend this video to all of the people using YouTube like an ad. YouTube could change the world and the future.', 'Cant believe i found this 8 years later', '12 Million people watch this.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nhow many truly make a change in their lifestyle?', 'Whos watching this at yr 2023?\n\nAnd his message is so accurate..', 'Me hearing my countries name ', 'It’s like he’s rapping while talking at the same time.', 'I keep coming back every year cuz it keeps being my recommended to me', 'The mask thing was so true..', 'imagine showing this to the future generations as an apology', 'This video is ahead of its time', "Its a shame we won't try to do anything to till its to late and for some reason i got recommended this video in 2023", 'It seems like everyone cares, but nobody does anything', 'At least we still have all of these things', 'I still know how trees look like even in 2023', "I'm sorry that there are certain people in this cruel world who wanna burn the world down", 'he throwin bars', 'the best video on the internet fr!', 'Imagine the children that wanna help but can’t because their parents won’t let them yet their parents say:Do YOU want the earth to die?', 'This guy should be president.', 'Bro this video was telling the future', 'Right now it is December 20th 2022 and we are still trying to save the planet,this man is one of the people who help the forests.There are now LOADS of company’s and people who plant trees,go diving to take out pollution or save animals and there are websites where you can donate money for planting trees and to do good.I still believe we can redeem ourselves. ', '8 years later... the world is being destroyed... this is accurate', 'now people glue their hands to the roads to try and stop the use of oil', 'Why am I just getting this in my recommended 7 years later? This is a masterpiece. I feel like everyone should see this video at least once and think how could I help out. It’s a shame that 7 years later nothing has changed, heck, it even got worse. Maybe someday people will realize how important this subject really is and help do something about it. Great video.', 'ngl its kinda crazy how i found this in 2023 and now we have people that think there are a (animals) and people that make randoms (genders) when there is only two', '2023 AND FINALLY YOUTUBE RECOMMED THIS', 'Who else just randomly got this in their recommendations again?', 'It gets worse than climate change, but it indeed gets worse :\\', 'this has been on my recommended for like 3 years now. i finally decided to click. i bet ill be replying to this comment in the future when it gets recommended again lol', '“Because most of us today? We don’t even care about tomorrow” \n\n\n\n\nDamn that hit me', '2023 kids: ITS THE LORAX!!!\n\n\nJust kidding, came back from this video again and watched the full video', "I just can't understand... All of you who are commenting here... Stop crying or be sad about it rather do something about it... Atleast plant trees... Water them... Let them grow....... As the person in the video said that he is not sorry because it is an error that must be corrected... So don't be sorry @$$e$ and really do something good", 'man this video 8 years later, and the message is spot on, the world has gone spiraling down to a shithole', 'BRO DID NOTHING WRONG.', 'Teacher made me watch this in class once.', '4 years ago...\nSorry\nNow...\nLil dicky : WE LOVE THE EARTH!!!!', 'if i had 1 wish i would make it where earth reverted to  the original state', 'I am from Bangladeshi and the poverty is insane 2:45', 'He said future generations as 100 years later. But everything he said as 100 years later is happening now. So imagine what will be happening in 100 years...', 'so...... its 2023 . . .and.. there are worse things............ sorry (2030)', 'This will be true on a couple years...', 'He wasn’t wrong. The amazon rainforest is on fire at the moment, and that’s sad.', 'Good words', 'This recommended to me in 2023. Nothing bad really happened cuz title says (2023) buy i get what he saying', 'Literally everyone got this in their  recommended today even though it was half a decade ago\nEdit: dang thank you guys so much for all the likes, legit my highest liked comment before this was 15 likes lol', 'You are forgiven. But it only gets worse. Nah but fr this guy is so woke.', 'Discovered this after 8 years', 'Hopefully when the Coronavirus is over we can get our damn act together.', 'No hard feelings.', 'climate has changed before sea levels were rising as fast before we were on earth im just saying that antartica used to be a tropical climate', 'It’s honestly sad\n\nThe most intelligent animal on the planet.\n\ncan do this to its own home', 'it is 2023 and this is acurate.', 'I just got sick because i swim in a water thats poisened by a factory near us and we learned it after we went to the doctor....', 'How he stayed outside under the hot sun with a suit deserves respect.', '8 years nothing changed ...', "4:30 exactly what's going on in 2023", 'I recently rediscovered this masterpiece, and was shocked when it nearly brought me to tears, even as a rewatch. This is so needed and so utterly true. If we want the world to change, we must act. No waiting, no, ‘oh, let’s just wait for others to do it’.\nNo.\nYou must do it.\nDon’t be lazy.\nJust help keep the planet you live on from becoming the wasteland.', 'Sorry is meaningless without action', 'i hear 2015 with my ears and see it with my eyes right now.', 'This is deeper than most oceans', 'And I’m sorry we were too lazy to not try and fix an issue that though we did not cause had become our problem', "I really hope it doesn't get to that", 'This reminds me of Dr.Seuss movie, The Lorax, and how we might be able to turn things around and fix this corrupt place', 'Godayum this was really recommended at the perfect time', "yeah, if I live to earth's doom, I'm just  like, I ain't livin' through that.", "This man is right, we are destroying this earth, and it's the only one we have got", 'dawg thought the world was gonna be over', "It's ok prince ea", "It's scary how I remember when this was first published and was wondering about the future, I guess I lived long enough to say that nothing changed", 'Am sorry i was one of those people who   threw waste in the water am very sorry ', 'Apology accepted', 'WE must save the world ', 'Me seeing this video after 8yrs', "It's still a bit early, this is for people at least 20-30 years later", 'This video is brutally true as of rn. The amazon is burning and well, its looking like there will be no Amazonia.', '"You don\'t know what a tree is do you" and "the amazon desert" are 2 things that, as far as I know, are not real, as of now.', 'bro is rapping while he is saying sorry ', 'This video touched my heart\nThis video is very good\nPeople should share this video\nGo VIRAL!!!!!!SAVE THE EARTH!!!!', 'We should be sorry', 'Man this got recomended in 8 years later', 'This was released precisely 7 years ago, and that was one of the most tearful videos I ever saw', 'I dont think if the worlds destroyed they can watch this ?', 'This is why Elon musk wants to go to mars', '"When the rivers are all dried up and the trees have been cut down, Man will then realize that he will not be able to eat money" \n.\nThanks you made my day', 'OH MY GOD, I just got recommened this. Hes so right tho', '2023 time go fast asf', 'People say we are just kids, we can\'t change the world, but my English teacher said the most important thing to us on the last day of 6th grade " Just because you are kids, doesn\'t mean you can never make a difference. You are the next generation, even if it is something so small like planting a few trees, it makes the biggest difference to everyone, everything. Each and every one of you will make bad decisions in life, but I know that at least one of you will make a difference and when and if you do, I will be proud to say, that was my student. So whatever you do, do not make the mistakes we made. " She said that and I was about to cry.', '2:39 the time he talks about Bangladesh ', "at least that didn't happen to us in 2023.", '*Our earth is slowly getting better... but it’s sad that the only reason it’s getting better is because of the pandemic.', 'Thank you.', 'I forgive you man', '"I am the Lorax and I speak for the trees, burn down the Amazon and I\'ll break your knees" ~ The Lorax', 'This actually got recommended to me in 2023', 'The world is indeed being killed, We forgive you, We forgive you.', 'I watched this video for class and like wow... this video is amazing but sad because of what’s happening', 'pov: its 2023 and this is in your recommended', 'Sorry future generations I want to take all money through this video add', 'The reason it was reccomend now is because \n\n\n\n\nNow is when we needed to see this the most', "Yes bro I'm a citizen of Bangladesh ", 'Took 8 years to recommend this to me', "What I've been needing to hear..\nPrince Ea: Man will realize he can not eat money\nTOTAL FACTS", 'This came up as people are dying in Hawaii ', 'this is aging well...', "It's scary to think, I'm 14 now and environmental issues due to humans have been happening all throughout my lifetime, before, and sadly, probably after as well if we don't make any sort of big change...\nGreat message, 7 years later, even.", 'Who else watching this in 2023?', 'I am sorry too.', 'im 12 and im scared about the world in 20 years or more :(', "8 years later and the earth is screwed up.\nI don't know what weapons we will be using in ww3 but i do know what we will use in ww4 bows and arrows \nAlbert Einstain--", 'this literally came on my recommended in 2023. it WILL go\ndown in history', '"the thing about truth is it can be denied, not avoided" damnnn', 'Nice rap bro ', 'Harsh truth about Humans ', 'Who else got this in their recommendations 4 years later.', 'Good speech', 'my bro needs to be president', 'me 6 minutes ago: Oh boy I bet this is about memes or something\nme now: gross weeping noises', '2:42 its because of a seasonal thing that causes the water level to rise, they have floating school for this seasonal occurence', 'Dam this is still recommended to me nice job youtube:D', 'Bro someone make this guy president. Or prime Minister, whichever you prefer.', 'to be far i think it was better 8 years ago because we got this gander changing shit.', 'Now youtube recomended ', "Iam 14 but I've planted more than 100 plants \nMy father is a Gardner \nHe loves plant so much \nWe plant 2 trees every Friday\nMy father is planting for 1 year \nAnd he has planted hundred's of trees \nI will say everyone that plant trees \nAnd yeah don't forget to take some care \nPeace", 'Well damn. 8 years later', 'IM CRYING!', 'this took 5 years for this to pop up thats wierd but cool', 'Mfs in 2123: Well this aged well!', 'Guys if we don’t do what they want soon they’re gonna have to push back the deadline another 12 years.', "You all heard him.The world is gonna be in our hands soon.We need to take care of it not ruined it.imagine Earth being not survivable for anyone because we didn't treat it right.", 'were sorry future generations', 'I had no clue that one day randomly at 2:00 am I would see a video recommended for 2023 pop up on my fyp from 8 years ago.', 'Most thoughtful video I have watched this year.', 'wow thats so true', '', 'People know, but do nothing', 'It’s 2023 and I got a recommendation of this ', 'Thats sad af, we fucked up', 'The fact that this is getting recommended to me 5 years later...', 'I think that it is very crazy with the fact this was in my feed in 2023', 'after I watch video in 2070 I forgive you', 'Little did he know that everyone would need masks in the future', '8 years, wow', 'man we making it worse', 'Well, mom and dad were born to the right time: Too late for ww2 too early for climate change', 'this is surreal', 'Well Sheesh ppl fr thought that 2023 was gonna be that bad. We still have a lot of trees', 'I remember watching this in my 7th grade STEM class. This video completely changed the way I view life. Thank you for this.', 'youtube suggest this video to me in 2023', "Yo the people the future\nHay kids Grandkids y'all lucky\nI have been going through something\nI don't really want to go forward\nI just want to gone just go away\nSo if you're reading this I love you I'm sorry if I act odd or scary\nSo I love you hopefully I'll be talking to you I hope but I don't\nI'm fine I'm ok", "Can someone please link some more vids like this\nIt's just so inspiring", 'If YouTube recommend this in 2015 \nI would probably save thousands of trees  and have cleaned my surroundings', 'Brazil refused 22.2 million dollars from G7 to save the Amazon rainforest.  \nSoo we basically just lost 20% of our oxygen', 'I support environmentalism.\nI stand with the trees. ', "watching in 2019.\nThe problem is still here. It'll always be here..", 'YouTube needs to make this the top video in everyone’s recommend', 'look at the world now, it’s just gotten worse. we only have 1 earth, so why aren’t we protecting it?', 'Y pensar q lo subió hace 4 años y hoy en dia 2019 esta igual o peor.\nNo cambiamos mas como sociedad', '2:59 Bro is legit wearing a mask right now. \nIt aged well.', 'I think you shoud be the president of the entire fricking world with that thinking', 'YouTube recommended this to me and I really needed it.', 'This video was made 3 years ago... youtube why didnt tell me about this guy sooner\n\n\n\nEdit\nMe: makes an original comment thats actually funny\nPeople: never notices it\nAlso me: makes a stupid non-original comment\nPeople: gives 544 like\nOriginal and funny comment: am i a joke to you\nMe: WHAT! WHAT THE FUCK!', "wow it's like he predicted the future, we all thought it was gonna go better, but it's even worse.", '2015: We are gonna burn the amazon down. \n\n2019: The amazon is burning.', 'why did i never see this before..?\nis youtube drunk again?\n\n\n\nAnd, you earned a new sub dude.', 'It makes so sad, and everyone who disliked this has no soul', "you're so right,,\n\nwe're sorry future generations,\n21.06.2019", 'This should be watched 5.400.000.000 times instead of despacito', 'Recomendado por YouTube en 2019 apesar de ser un vídeo de 4 años \n\nPero... \n\n\nBuen vídeo ', 'HOW YOUTUBE ALGO WORKS\n2015: nah the world is not yet ruined\n2019:ok its ruined i shall now recommend thi', 'This is why I’m gonna be a zoologist, to make sure tigers don’t become mystical creatures like unicorns', 'bold of you to assume there will be a future generation', 'Who’s watching this while Covid is around \n\nOld: Who else is watching this while Australia is on fire', "I watched this 5 years ago. Now I got this recommended. And shit: it's relatable. And it will be in 20 years too", 'Wow. Took YouTube 4 years to finally recommend this to me', 'I cant believe I watched this the day it came out, and look where we are now........... still the same place, "better late than never, but never late is better" - Drake', 'To everyone saying " YouTube should have recommended this earlier. No.  \n\n"You should have noticed this earlier. You should have cared earlier. You should have changed something earlier".\n"It\'s OUR fault we should have cared earlier".', 'He predicted the future(Amazon is still burning)', 'The only time I’m glad youtube recommends stuff posted for years\n\nThanks for the likes, I’m glad you guys agree', "i swear i watched this years ago... but im also sure that this will get into everyone's recommendation for quite a few years...", 'The best rap ever\n\n\n\n\n\nEverthing he said is truth', 'this is literally on my recommended every year  time to wake up guys', 'im in the best side of the internet now :)', 'This is a trailer for the next couple of decades, so watch it.', 'Can this guy be like, president in 2020', 'EARTH... IM SORRY.\n\nEdit: im still a kid but i promise ill help earth one day', "I'm voting for him for president, of the world", 'And once again Youtube brought us all here right now.\n\n\n\n(I wish i saw this video way earlier).', 'No joke run for president plz good run for president we need someone like u.', "2015: if i tell you what happens then it won't happen.\n\n\n2019: ...", 'I hate how YouTube recommended this to us now instead of before, so that we could’ve fixed everything sooner\n\n\n\nEdit: to the people saying “it was posted 4 years ago but you probably didn’t care” yeah I probably didn’t care because I was 8 at the time and I didn’t know about this because I was outside and hanging out with my family and where I live the earth looked beautiful so I didn’t know about the earth dying because of humans', '“When the last tree is cut down, the\xa0last\xa0fish eaten and the\xa0last\xa0stream poisoned, you will realize that you cannot eat money.”\xa0\n(Cree indian proverb)', 'After 4 years youtube? Are you joking?', 'Título en español\nCanción en inglés\nSubtítulos en español\nBuen mensaje\nQue buen servicio.jpg', "I'm 12 i am so scard of the upcoming years i wish we could just reset....", 'YouTube putting this in our recommended\nTrying to tell us something :/\n\n\nEdit: fuck me that’s a lot of likes. Thank You?', 'The Amazon rainforest is really becoming the Amazon desert due to it now burning ', '5 years later when this vid has made,\nYouTube recommended this to me.\nUmmm...\n\n\nYou are right.', 'The earth is slowly dying and we dont even know...', 'Its 2019 but this is still gold so we can bring the light in the earth never is late to do a god think \nTHES GUY IS A LEGEND', "The warning came... but we ignored it...\n\nWe're sorry...", 'You’ve heard of white shame now get ready for past shame', "I'M BIG MAN\nI'M A GROW MAN\n\n\n\nBUT I'M CRYING BECAUSE THIS VIDEO. :(", "Does anyone else notice that we're all getting recommended this at around the same time? I think YouTube is trying to send us a message.", 'This video was like a poem', "I'm sorry to anyone seeing this in the future.\n\nJune 27, 2019", 'I vote him for president', 'Thanks you for putting this on recommendations YouTube but.. you had to recommend it 4 yrs after? ;/', 'the world is slowly becoming "the lorax" universe', 'This is what should be in everyone’s recommended', 'Is it okay to cry now?', 'world is falling apart YouTube - watch this', 'You are the real life Lorax.', 'how did he know the amazon rain forest was burning 4 years ago. like dang the people live here made the world predictable.', 'Finally a good recommendation  calling the Lorax.', 'Youtube recommendations are getting better i guess', 'WHY IS THE ONLY NOW APPEARING IN MY RECOMMEND \n\n\nThe should be shared to everyone', 'Dear future generations, I’m sorry \n\nTuesday 23 July 2019\n\n1:29pm', '2070:\nWelcome to Antarctica Ocean ...\nYou won’t believe that this place used to be a continent which is now melted...', '“The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The second best time is now”\n\n-Chinese Proverd', 'I see that this is getting recommended to everyone again...\n\nEdit: keep it friendly in the replies down there :)', 'Sadly, people today prefer to pay more attention to useless crap...\n\n\n\nNot all tho', 'Omg what? \nIts from 2015\nSo sad \nI See it in 2019 first time', 'this is sad reality..', 'August,September 2019 Amazon rainforest is actually burning and.....', 'That was so good', 'I swear If I see anyone else saying “WhOs wAtChInG tHiS iN qUaRaNTiNe” I’d lose it. Edit: what is my reply section lol', 'man u fucking move peoples,damn I hope one day whole world will listen to you man ', 'why is youtube recommending me this in 2019?!', "They have destroyed an entire forest over where we are it's horrible xc\n\nPrince EA this video is amazing", 'Soy el unico wey que pensó que se había aventado un super rap, wwoooo que flow bro', 'Prince EA for president 2020!', 'Still waiting for this to go viral...', 'Me: looks at when this was uploaded \n\nMe:  4years ago!\n\nThis is a sign', 'Get Trump to watch this', 'Nobody: \nYoutube algorithm:\nEy look at this video from 4 years ago', "Video exists for 4 years but the comment's are from 2 days ago", 'Well now the rainforest is on fire we are so stupid we do nothing we just want money. So what do you choose money or staving the Earth?', "YouTube : oH yEaH sUrE i'LL rEcCoMeNd THIS aFtEr 5 YeArS", 'Is it a coincidence,that this is being recomended to us rn...When the world is literally falling?', 'Y youtube lo recomienda cuando le da la gana ,típico.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nUn clásico', 'my science teacher showed us this video\n\n\n\nwhy does this comment have so many likes', 'Let me guess..this was in your recommendations too?', 'Idk why ppl dislike this...like....u live in sPaCe??', 'I watched this is 2016, now it’s in my recommended', 'Me: if this wasn\'t on youtube rewind\nYoutube: Im Sorry"', 'I realize that  this was posted before 2017..', 'Why am I seeing this video now?\nYou’re SO fast youtube,unbelievable.', "People are gonna look back at this and realise they should have listened\nedit: what's going on in the replies", 'Why is this getting recommend now? Is this a potential sign?', 'Oh\nYoutube me lo recomienda recien ahora que el planeta esta por morir', 'It is fate that we are being recommended this.', 'Over half of the comments "it is so Sad that this was recommended in 2019"', "why hasn't this gone viral..??", 'YouTube is so fast for bring me a notification but too slow for recommend this...', 'U need to run for president I would vote for u', 'Who is here in 2018?', 'I.....this.....I have no words', "Did y'all not watch the Lorax or something?", 'Perfect timing-', 'Perfect timing', 'I know a lot about trees :)\nNow that I think about it, we’re basically invasive species', "Recylcle styrofoam boxes into incubators I did before and it's fun and useful also recycle styrofoam in general", 'The final Ill mind of hopsin', 'I hope gardening and planting a tree becomes a subject in every school of world, seeds are sold free', 'Good lines for presentation on climate change: 2:04 - 2:24\n2:29 - 2:37', 'Wow, beautifull video! We have to diverge from this path of destruction. The earth can still be a beautifull place, a paradise, a heaven! And yet we are turning it into hell instead.', "No, I think it's safe to say that we younger generations should apologise to the older generations for being an absolute disappointment. We should appreciate the work that the older generations have done for us, especially our ancestors. They had to fight wars, fight animals that were 8x larger than they were, just to get food. Nowadays we can just walk/drive/cycle to restaurants or walk to the fridge to get our food and drink. Back then pornography, vaping,  etc was not such a big influence, and children were a lot more sensible at the time. As the youth of the year 2000 and onwards, we are only a shadow of what we could have been. We could have been better, but we chose to be failures in the sight of every single generation before us. Without them, we would have collapsed ages ago. It would only be a miracle that society would improve. There is very little hope for us to push through into the light. Mainly due to the current state we are in right now.", 'Yes go out into the desert and film a speech with dramatic music very moving man.', 'There is a alternative system to monetary economy, which is named Resource Based Economy (RBE).\nPlease learn more about RBE and help making earth the paradise it deserves, for ALL its inhabitants, yes even for the animals in wilderness!\nThank you ️', 'BARS', 'Perfect timing', 'Put a trap beat behind this with subway surfers gameplay and I might be able to focus in.', 'TELL EM JAMAL', 'when you are watching this video 8 years later it feels akward because the ammozon ram forest still egsist', 'We should say sorry to God because he created this beautiful world ', 'Bruv thinks trees are gone now. And that the amazon rainforest is the amazon desert now.', 'Dayyyyym! ', 'Think about it. What is life about? What is our purpose? It took me a while, but I found that answer. His name is Jesus Christ the one who died for us all and rose after he died to give us eternal life. Notice that I didn’t say the answer was “religion”…  This small life that lasts only for a small time is the introduction to eternity. We have free will to do what we want, choose what we believe and how we’re going to live.  If you would just think for a second in your head and ask yourself, “Why am I here?”.  The name Jesus Christ is the only thing in society/the world that has laws blocking it from being said, read and followed. Don’t look at the people around for help, look to Jesus.', "L Future generation I'm not going to regret for GenZ", "the worst thing you can do to oppose climate change is being a climate doomer and look at the facts, people are doing things about the issues, we ARE on track to fix the planet, renewable energy is growing at an exponential rate, nuclear energy has the ability to become a major clean power source. Electric cars keep getting more widespread, better, and cleaner. New Technologies will allow carbon to be taken out of the air and help in ways we probably don't even understand yet. We are doing things for the planet, but we need to keep it up.", "ill be honest its like, the presentation is really corny, but at the same time everything he's saying is right.", 'Only person that I can realistically imagine can make some kind of a difference is Mr beast', 'We still aren’t doing anything about that-', 'i hope i see this again', 'Bro she is not in 2023 ', 'I was 8 when that video came out', "I live on the beach. sea levels gavent risen yet . Also, we run on fossil fuels. China is so poluted beacuse they don't have any ecological regulations of how much they burn, where they burn, and what they burn. What am I supposed to do about China or Bangladesh or anywhere else?", 'YouTube suggested me this video in 2023 ', 'Trees are amazing', 'apology accepted :D', 'R.I.P earth', 'wow bro thats good', 'I was 5 when you made this video now im 13 and its 2023', 'I’m just seeing this today', 'man ... that is just sad', 'The time has come, and we still got rainforests HEEHEEHEEHAW', 'You cannot eat money oh no ', 'Just got recommended this\nBut Dw bro\nWorld more fucked now', 'great video but it was made 8 years to early', 'Meanwhile those Chinese and Indians who will never see this video are putting out more pollution than the rest of the world combined.', 'I love how half the comments are from 2023', 'BRO ITS LITERALLY 2023 AND I GOT RECOMMENDED THIS', 'been 8 years and im seeing this now??', '2023, guess what year it is now', 'we cant do anything', "It's 2023 and nothing changed only just the covid 19 nothing else ️", 'Bruh i can see the tree outside my window', 'we love the earth', '"the earth is going to blow up next year, LISTEN TO THE EXPERTS, I LOVE SCIENCE, TRUST THE EXPERTS, THE WORLD IS GOING TO BLOW UP"', 'He is not too wrong.', 'Nice lines in the sky behind you in the beginning.', '', 'Thank you', 'Why I got recommended in future after 8 years', 'Yoo finding this in 2023 is crazy', 'It’s almost the end of 2023 I’m scared', "if I'm going to be honest we should be saying sorry to past generations, because right now with all the trans stuff going on, past generations would be disappointed.", 'Well, 2040-50 is my call for the end of it all.', "Hey guys let's all of us plant a tree on our b'day. Are you in?", 'A M A Z I N G', "Bro sounds like he's trying to rap with the beat ", 'Just writing down here so more people get this video remoendet', 'Lol this video is making a good point but he was off by 100 years', "This video aged worse than Cantaloupe. \n\n\nI also can't wait to see comments in like 30 years that say that this aged wonderfully lol.", 'Youtube AI has a brain', 'true:) so true :)', 'gahdamn i forgot this existed..', 'no prob bro the past gen give to i hope our gen but i sadly think to the next few gen the best gift you can ever do  E X T I N C T I O N  the end of all no pain no pleasure no sorrow no happynes the true justice of te being the  E N D  O F  A L L  and im not sarcastic', "Im the next generation and yes i do know what a tree is, ima gamer so i haven't seen one but i know what it is", 'lets see the change in 1 year', 'im 17 now ill try to fix the world or smthn', 'Dear 2033 i am even more sorry', 'Mane i dont care keep doing u lil man', "The fact that I'm actually seeing this in 2023", 'The fact it is 2023 now', 'Wow I thought this was made this year', 'What are you sorry of?', 'The fact that this was recommended to me in 2023- ong', 'Pov: Your in 2023!!', 'THANKS !', 'Bruh we still have all this stuff', 'HOW DID IT COME UP THIS YEAR...', 'We are not apart from nature we are a part of nature .This trigger me .', 'bro does he think we cant swim in oceans and theres no trees?', 'oh boy its the nextr help me time for this to get recommended to everyone again', "How did i get recommended this? It's been 8 years.", '"want a change be, the person to make the change.', 'thanks.\nits worse now.\n', 'well at least the earth isnt like this Yet', 'Not that dramatic. But I got this in the time he meant it to be for.', 'WE NEED TO CHANGE. Have u seen the sea levels rising super fast?? Literally in the next 10 years or so if climate change get worser FL will literally be underwater as well as other states and countries.', 'How did we get to the point at which we believe people who go on hundreds of private intercontinental flights per year that we should not heat our homes. \nMore sustainability? Sure, though please with some rationalism.', 'omg youtube recommanded me this video in 2023 wow', 'I’m sorry to tell you but, we still have trees and know enough about them ', 'Aahh u know whaat \nAm forgiving you prince \nM from 2023', 'The way youtube recommends this', "I see this in 2023 so it's been 8 years", 'I came perfectly on time here', 'Nothing has changed, we are fine, stop making such a big deal over nothing.', 'to 5 rappers eminem is afraid to diss', "The Inconvenient Truth documentary forecast today's weather as The ocean surrounding South Florida's temperatures are between 90 & 101 degrees.", "oh boy, thank god this isn't true, well not right now but probably will be in the near future. yeah canada  decided to hot box the entire planet.", '8yrs later and in my recomended', 'bro thinks the amazon rain forest is gone along with all the trees lol', 'We have changed worse', 'This is facts of 2023', "the fact that I'm seeing this in 2023", 'We’re sorry', "yeah it's 2023...beside the Amazon desert/rainforest ... We need help with earnings cause us gen z and millennials can't buy houses due to prices 8x higher then estimated due to inflation and high demands of this and that. You are forgiven by me but it won't be reverted since not all will care...", 'Its too late bro', 'Here in 2023 this made me sad now thinking about it so many trees and more destroyed', "I Don't know why I got this in 2023 but yeah", 'Youtube reccomended this to me', '', 'My 6th grade teacher showed the class this', '', 'Dam I watched this in primary school', 'Sorry', "bro over here acting like i don't know what trees are X_X", 'oh my god.', 'Till will be recommended again in the coming years.', 'I wonder why this has just now popped up on recommended.', "2023 here we're fucked", '1:03 bro predicted andrew tate', 'Time Travel.', 'I got this recommended at 2023', "I'm back 5 times ", 'Imagine this was recommended in 3202', 'Its been 8 years.. all what he said it happened', 'i forgive you ', 'don’t worry we still got trees', 'only good YouTuber apology video', 'welp, its 2023, and i got recomended this', 'and its only getting worse.', 'Youtube Recommended me in 2023', 'Watching this in 2023', 'great', "Sorry to the next 2 generations, we destroyed Earth; and now you'll have to deal with the consequences, good luck..", 'Our generaton as in todays generation, its fucked up', 'Wait, it is 2023 ', 'I think he said sorry to the wrong generation I know what a tree is', 'It’s 2023z we’re entering global BOILING era. ', 'POV nothing has changed', 'I rember when I was a kid I could see lot of bird in my country now when I visit I only see seagales', '', 'It’s 2023 now I’m just seeing this video', 'SORRY IM REALLY SORRY', "It's ok from 2023", '', 'we stil standing', 'facts', 'Yeah fr remember my name ima do somthing about all of this im only 13 now but when im older I WILL do somthing', 'The music makes it more sad', "It's all good man", 'what have we done', "We Still have those there's no Amazon desert and we're gonna go solar or whatever so we shouldn't worry about that hopefully", "I'm sorry for getting the covid vaccine ️", 'its 2023 and what he say was truth but good thing any of that do not happend but.........in future?........ i do not know............', 'Ur fcn right…', 'i only clicked on this cause i thought it was gonna be funny.', 'So sad', "Its now 2023 and he thinks we don't know wut trees r yet climate change will be a massive problem for kids that grow up in the future its already getting really hot and every year raising 1 degree neck kids now probably will have too move to mars when there fifty cause of climate change. :'(  yet we now the concicquensives we still ignore them sad", 'evreything is fine? am i missing something?', 'somebody did an apology video right! cough cough Logan Paul', 'the amazon forest is still here but its going away pretty soon', 'Blud is the Lorax', 'İts been 8 years:”)', 'Its okey buddy', 'waw thats actually crazy', 'preach', 'This came to my recommends today.. ', 'All in this year is is fk up ', 'Cried.', 'Where I live all I see is trees wtf', 'i watched this in class', 'well guys, we are screw', 'It’s 2023 now-', 'They gon trash it even more', 'Forgiveness', 'Now 2023 ', 'wow', 'thankfully theres still trees', 'True', 'Who come to see this video on 2023 ??', 'I’m a kid but I will try to be a help', 'Choose him as a President please...', 'True', 'How He edit this video early years', 'The Amazon Rainforest still exists tho....', 'amen. btw is he singing or talking', 'reply to this comment describing this video in one word\n\nmine: insperational', 'this is sad', 'I was recommended this in 2023 lol', '2023, wow', 'i think we are quite a lil to early stil', 'I literally got reccomended this in 2023 ', '… it’s still standing', 'Good rap song', 'No we’re sorry', 'Youtube reccomended me this again', 'Stand for trees ', 'wow', '', 'Hey yo, we messed up.', 'it’s now 2023 ..', 'Wow', 'You said ppl cut trees and built stadiums. where are they?', 'damn dude', 'Shit in 2023, Imagine looking at this video in 10023,', 'wow', 'It’s actually happening now', 'Hi atleast everything didn’t happen that fast', 'its ok', 'wowwww', 'Hello I’m from 2023 we’re ok', '', 'Damn it ur right it 1115500 deggrees', '', 'overforestation cause, most of the time, water pollution', 'Average School Science Song ', 'ı am sorry .....', 'legend watching 2023', 'Bro started rapping', 'I mean there are still trees but not many.', 'esta tudo bem mano esta tudo bem', 'nice rap', 'Apology accepted', "Bruh too early wait until it's post terminator and then say sorry", 'I’m watching this in 2023', '"Skill issue" -', 'uhm - so we got aliens ', 'i think the amazon is still a forest as of  augest 2023', 'Let’s check the scoreboard:\nExperts: zero\n“Crazy right wing conspiracy theorists”: yes\nI’m gonna go ahead and trust the righties on this one', 'factoriez just plz make filterz for the smoke stuff coming out ur buildng', '... its 2023, its not that bad', 'This is a fine message, until you realize this guy is part of a corporate conglomerate who’s goal is to pray on highly emotion and naive people for profit.', 'Damn...', 'Bruh here I am, watching this vid', 'It’s now 2023……..', "I'm watching this, and yesterday I saw interstellar dawm.", 'why have i only now seen it?', '#teamtrees #teamseas', 'It’s 2023 and this is so fucking ture', 'HELP ALL I THOUGHT WERE LORAX REFERENCES', 'we still have trees lil bro', 'Im sorry', '2023 i watch ', 'i just found this', 'but they still exist tho', 'climate change doesnt exist my guy the climate may be changing but thats just the earth being earth there once was a time where Antarctica didnt exist and now we are reverting to that time', 'nah bro we use o’hare air', 'wow this was posted 8 years ago', 'Watching this in 2023 hits hard and different knowing that this is probably gonna be for real. ', 'I WATCHED IN 2023 WOHOOOOOOOOOO', 'The greed of European kings and many others is the reason for the poison that is greed, greed is humanity greed was bred in early kingdoms, our ancestors bred our greed.', 'lorax irl:', "I don't forgive you.", 'Climate on this planet changes all the time, last time we had a glaciation now we have the heat. Stop blaming humans and fossil fuels.', 'Seeing this in 2023', 'People act like Indians were super conservative when those same Indians lit fire to fields to run 56 buffalo off of cliffs to only take 5 take of them to eat', 'This was 8 years ago?', 'Wtf I got recomended that video 3years ago but now.. its back?', 'It’s this year!', 'dang it did recommend on me.', 'Like this every one ', '2023', "You'll never realized how important something is until you lost it ", 'brother we know what trees are', 'its 2023 now', '2023 wya….', 'sangeetayadav8752 is right man', 'But yk this new generation is uhh the worst', 'Huh ...... anybody else got this on their recommended list', 'Were was this video 8 years ago?', 'And by the way the tree\'s and amazon forest still exist? And the solution is basically "try" to make biodegradable material not plastic use renewable energy sources harness the heat from the volcanoes with some of our technology what i mean basically is the hero\'s engine or what is the engine called again wait nevermind there\'s way too much to say anyway so ', 'I got reccomended in 2023', 'i am here in 2023\n...', 'This is a video from 8 years ago. Why did you had to write "(2023)" at the title?\nThis is unhonest.', 'Yeah cuz every single tree on earth would die in 8 years', 'Im sorry 15 yr old me', 'Why is this reccomended in 2023?', '8 years ago????', '', 'Hmmm funny this popped up on my feed in 2023 ', 'Well its 2023', 'YouTube Is Smart', 'Sorry.', 'Skiilz issue ', 'You were wrong. That title is very incorrect.', 'i just got suggested this video', 'Damn', 'just got this recommended', 'the amazon rainforest was chopped down?', 'Sorry..', 'I hope to god that his video go wrong', 'Mmm, thank you', 'No way.', 'the lorax irl fr', 'bruh amazon desert its 8 years from now and were nowere close', 'I just got recommended this', 'sorry\n', '2023 gang', 'Here in 2023, pretty bad ngl', 'Damn', 'Damn', 'Wow can’t believe I’m actually getting this in 2023. Thanks YT algorithm.', 'I got this in 2023', 'damn', 'Sad it’s just getting worst with the obsession of gender rn', 'Welp it’s 2023', "nahh it's 2023 wtf", 'sad', 'I got it recommendet in 2023 (30th July at 00:01am)', 'These gen z comments ', 'Damn', 'My school showed me this', 'Sorry', 'This ages', 'Only in America', 'L Were not like this he got it wrong', 'Bro how did you in cade my recommended feed again? I thought I got rid of you….', '2023 nothing happened', "It is the 2023 now and it is YouTube suggested it now it's august 12 2023 now ", 'np G, its all good', 'damn', 'We all good', 'Here in 2023 gang', 'Aged well besides the feminism and gay rights non sense', 'I only get recommend this today lol', 'Forgibe u , u gud', 'Bro does not know about the w*llow projects, its always the Americans man(not ya)...', 'oh, thanks', 'this is interesting very  interesting ✞︎☜︎☼︎︎ ︎︎︎☜︎☼︎☜︎︎︎︎︎︎', 'damn', "'Sorry' is just a word", 'Sorry', 'Not so fast,save it', 'ye but we know what trees are lol. its not that bad', 'Where was this before bruh', 'i remembered that gacha trend', "Ow it's 2023", '#2023', '00:00 \nminecraft dirt sound', 'Why you sound like a rapper about to cry? Like everytime???', 'I am here in 2023', 'Omg It’s 2023', 'Why this showed on my fyp in 2023', "hey Maria,it's me anna,if u remember me,i just wanted to say hi,that's all", 'Wait it’s 2023', 'Since when was there no trees', 'bro think we living in lorax or sum', 'I am watching it in 2023', 'i remwber watching this in school ages ago, waste of 6 mins ig', '.... oh boy', 'alg bro', 'Nah it’s all good', '2:06', 'Hm well it’s 2023', 'look what’s appeared in my recommended', 'Trees still exist ', 'Guys we still have trees Wydm and the Amazon is not a desert', 'why he rappin tho', 'It’s 2023', 'Nope it’s not the Amazon desert yet', "It's August 9, 2023.", 'oh well, rapture is soon and so is jesus and heaven. PREPARE AND STAY TRUE TO CHRIST!', 'nah its cool dw bout it', 'O its 2023', 'damn', 'am from the future yall', 'We do have trees bruv', 'We are going to die ?', "I'm from 2023", "I'm  glad this aged badly so none of this isn't true as we can still see trees and the amazon.", 'Aaaaaand it just got worse', 'How did i get here?', "it's 2023", '2023', 'Faxx ', 'Dwbi it is what it is ️', 'You shoud not say sorry other people need', 'WOAHHHHHHH', 'Its 2023 richt now', 'bars', 'Bro like the oncelar', 'i still see trees tho', 'The lorax live action', 'Your answer is wrong please recalculate the values', 'WALL.E reference W vid', 'I am 2023', 'How bad do u think we screwed up we still have trees and stufff maybe in 302320', 'It’s been forgotten for roblox', 'well its 2023', 'Damn propaganda. They really believed that world would be destroyed by 2023', 'yo were still alive (some how)', 'Bro I think your predictions were a bit wrong I know what trees are', 'Thank goodness mrbeast exist', '8 years ago', 'I wachinh this vidio 2023 but this vidio verry important', 'Do not blame anyone i tell ya this instead blame yourself for not doing anything sitting in a chair just like me with an exception blame those who are protesting for the government to do something when they could just do it themselves also why dont you go do it instead? YOU', 'It is 2023', '0:55 lorax', 'Hello im from the future', 'Im pretty sure there are still trees On this planet', 'Holy', 'ok', 'He should be sorry for the cringe that is polluting YouTube', 'watching this in 2023, this is really cringe', 'Agrreed banan', 'Dmn its 2023', 'Alright', 'Just stop oil protesters could learn a lot from this', 'this is fax', '2023', 'I know what a tree is man', 'Who else was recommended this in 2023?\n', 'Skill issue', 'Im in 2023', 'What the hekkk Like how', 'yes', 'dam', 'dam', 'just like hitler in WWII were quite literally killing ourselves.....', 'Real', '', '8 years ago', 'whos here in 2023?', 'oh fuck.................', '8 years ago', 'What an 8yr old video ?', 'Real', 'the world would be a better place if we didnt have biden in office', 'Dam', 'Mr beast planted tres', 'Guys...', 'Im sOrRy', '2024', 'bros rapping', 'you cant fight climate change, the changing of climate is inevitable and natural. im assuming you are referring to global warming and deforestation?', 'Oh no', 'The Lorax', 'يخوف', 'trees still exist bro', '2023?', 'What a giga chad', 'Yo it go recommended ._.', 'WWWWWWW', 'Ooga booga', 'We gotta overthrow them', 'Is 2023', 'lol', 'The Lorax', 'Who is watching 2023?', 'The only way to to save humanity is to prove this guy wrong', '28 July 2023', 'What about 72 gender', '', 'AYYY WASSUP PEOPLE', 'Sorry for what?', 'bro we still got trees', 'wth', 'lorax?', 'Hi it is 2023', 'whats a tree', 'I dont like humans', 'Algorithm', 'Op', 'what', 'EA games', 'clickbait', 'el torax', 'I don’t believe in climate change but I do people in world change.', 'no', 'Bruh', 'no', 'this guy was ALL WRONG', 'Yeah?', 'ok based', '???', 'I mean,', 'Oh', 'Whats up?', 'first comment from 2023', 'whats up', 'Hi', 'sup brah', 'fr', 'Ok', 'Hello', 'Hellooooooo', 'W', 'W', 'W', 'hello', 'F it,. Gen Z deserve it.', 'e', 'Balls', 'Bs', 'Ok ngga', 'we do not forgive u', 'Won’t be me so idc', 'i dont care', 'who cares', '', "didn't ask", 'Boooooooooooo', 'cringe', '@MrBeast'